

we're gonna buy lots of new things! lots of small things also a washer/dryer! 

the spreadsheet lives on the ownCloud money? we've got it. $13,000 this semester (which we applied for, lots for safety-related improvements) don't get PO'ed if you need a PO—just text Andrew! we were supposed to get $50 from Mark Cohen and $250 from Continuing Ed for Theatrebridge—did we? 

Bunny, Bunny money money is coming out of this year's budget, not last year's not really an issue since the money they didn't spend went into our raised funds 

we have spent about $1200 this semester 

we made a lot of money (~$800) from Monster Ball we have some leftover liquor; Austin and Ben will buy it from PW 

nah bro 

we miss you, Andrew some lingering reimbursements that will be taken care of 

 conversation about SAO with speed of reimbursements, esp. for theatre, people buy stuff often, people aren't getting money back fast enough, peopel need to be reimbursed by end of the month, any business could have PO with brown, have to fill out supply registration form, we can talk to designers about a list of places to have PO's with brown always buy lumber off of PO, majority of set budget will be taken care of EP's should tell their teams that if they are buying offline, we can do that in SAO–> amazon, online vendor, etc. as long as it's a credit card. (student activities office in faunce, they give us money!!! we request budget from UFB, student org, but our bank account is handled by SAO, submitting the budget, finance people put together a list of our costs and tell them how much money we need, we do it every march, you can check it out on pw.owncloud.org) we have money! 

Sean Patrick McGowan wants to donate $25/year to buy shoes for people with big feet he lives in LA and eats Kale 

 paid for rights—marat/sade payment has yet to go into our account. ? Jenn- need a new reimbursement sheet and we need to count our bank #TODO 

apparently we haven't been paying High Output? decorations and liquor and snacks can come out of karma but however much money we take out of karma should be put back in karma, then the rest can go in our own funds 

Big Shoes for Big Souls (Soles?) Fund is happening for shoes 2 sizes above the US average so…13 or above for men, 11 or above for women or, ask the following questions have people asked you what size feet you have? when the costume designer found out your shoe size, was it bad news? as the largest-footed members of the board, Austin and Simon will curate' we are waiting to act on new ladders until Stephanie Santucci gets mad about it again Austin will come with Andrew to the SAO to order new safety stuff ($5000) we're still thinking about a new chair rack will happen on workday will not have wheels BUSINESS MONSHTAH BALL it will happen, we are within our usual timeline it will be Friday 10/31 soccer tonight at 7pm; be on time! have your ID! 

they're all on leave we are going to have a washer/dryer, sewing machine, sound system, other fun toys Austin wants to spend $500 of raised funds for sound system purchases we should make sure people use the sound system correctly so it doesn't get hurt 

advertising money we need to figure out Madmen budget and figure out how much to request for next year Fundraising Skylar is organizing this, we all need to put in the time when it happens most likely February Nudity got 80$ from Open Jar HOMECOMING will be November 1st Jenny can send request but can’t be floating because of Streetcar 

we're gonna buy lots of new things! lots of small things also a washer/dryer! 

We reimbursed Austin, he should be getting a big check. Can Austin beg for a Monday PO? o Nope. o Should have told Jenny and Andrew in advance. o Now Jenny is yelling at him. o Why didn’t you think about this on Friday Austin? o Didn’t think it would fit in Alex’s convertible. o Jenny has to stick to her morals. 

got a lot of POs, ready to reimburse Remember to stick to Tuesday and Thursday 

We are fundraising in February. 

andrew is up to speed maybe everyone can learn the basics of the finances spreadsheet 

pizza possibly rethink which and how much cause it is very expensive 

Austin, do you know how much money we made from monster’s ball and where exactly it is? 

Finances are good, gave out reimbursements for Sink and 3c2c Open Jar check is in SAFETY we are safe, Austin trained some people to use the shop austin is getting scaffolding trained 

issue with the vibrator play, didn’t get the funding they thought they would or rather the money didn’t come in yet we need to follow up with them/departments 

jenny, conor, Andrew will have a ‘how do finances work’ meeting about the budget immediately after the meeting Sunday and anyone is welcome to join 



andrew and jenny need to meet about budget 

we are rescheduling the money meeting, hopefully before end of semester skylar is on top of applying for funding for 250th 

finance update meeting will be next week because rehearsal was moved 

the finances tutorial meeting will happen today at 2pm in Meeting Street Café the board will be approximately 500$ 

finance tutorial was fun if ineffective (thom), there will be another one 

submitted budget 

andrew and jenny are meeting on Monday to make a budget we’re applying for supplemental funding 

we submitted budget and are hearing about it tomorrow hopefully we got the money we asked for, jenny will keep us posted 

jenny sent emails to people (also phone call and flirt) 

figuring out receipts for medea costume money everyone will know how to use the spreadsheet after boardz wizardz we got all the money we asked for 

 Austin, Jenny is giving you the go ahead on buying the steel bobrausch reimbursements are in pwom we should aim to spend no more than approximately 150$ 



UFB budget is spent and done we can reimburse through the summer RENISH renish is at 4pm on the 25th 

broken dimmer needs to be fixed jenny will update about supplemental funding use the sheet in the safe 

we are officially over budget! now we are taking money out of raised funds, so be careful w/ spending good that it is happening this late in the semester almost everyone has been reimbursed 

money from UFB, spending from workday will make sure we spend it by deadline RENISH we need to collect photos Jon can maybe print again? 

we will buy the rights for the two fall shows this semester in order to make sure there won't be a problem 

jessie will teach Andrew the ways of the finances soon budget’s good and we won’t appeal 
