URL,Status,//div[2]
16feb14,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes, Feb.14th, 2016 
 HERE: Marty; Andrew, Devon, Luke, Liesl, Becca, Evan, Ada, Jamie (visiting), Raphae, Josh, Jake (visiting), Cameron, Ezra, Jenn, Thom (visiting) 
 THORNS: it's cold; back hurts; most hungover i've ever been; avoided paper; i'm so tired and i don't know when i'm going to sleep;not knowing what the next step is but needing to take it; school? do i have to do it? ; the cold and procrastination; the worst heating system in the world; planned super well for the cold except that the entry way of my house is very cold and i left my shoes in there and it was like strapping ice blocks to my feet, being sick; indie games even more addicting mania than watching to tv; i don't know what to do with myself at any given moment 
 ROSES: scholarship to live in asia; living with evan and andrew; made valentines all day; no; drew good german shepherd and danced my ass off; joes will take song requests; great empanada place-panaderia; saw trevor noah in boston and his ass could crack a nut wowza; walking to joes and then devon's room and crying at 4AM, passing out and leaving at 5:30pm; saw antigonick and didn't know liz was hungover, coffee, little women; nothing special has happened but i've had the best two weeks of my life for as long as i can remember, hard work is paying off; doctor prescribed inhaler and it works!; newfound mania of indie computer game 'undertail'; living with liz and evan, antigonick really blew me away, get poem a day email from poets.org 'anthem'; ANTIGONICK: going well!! jamie, ask ziyi if she know where the rollers are!!! WE NEED THEM strike: andrew: taking down lights raphae: box office ( #TODO PIZZA) evan: chairs, plats, silver box liz: scaffolding ezra: chairs, plats, furniture becca: upspace, costume room, dr1 and dr2 josh: shop facilitating things devon: moving big pile of junk luke: set up scaffolding, float between electrics and taking down lights, douvre liesl: electrics and taking down lights ada: props room painting plan: two ladders, two people on each then people on ground going at high up as they can reach leave floor till last, possibly antigonick team can come in after strike and help cameron: shop fletcher: what job do you want? TALLGRASS GOTHIC getting a skrim from a department–> very delicate and expensive, we'll go over the deets when we get it #TODO EP's make sure everyone has keys 
 UPSPACEimportant dates: march 1st-5th: lottery!!! lottery in the next 12 hours friends submit!! #TODO ezra extend the deadline! UPSQUAD meeting tuesday at 11pm!!! SUNDAY SHOWS no sunday shows cause of downspace shows and TWITS TWITS anthony derita is lighting–>#TODO luke and liesl will help out #TODO josh can you help build a mound? talk to kathy–>lug up 4 x 8 plats + scrap wood full design team!!! yay! great design run, wednesday we're having paint day maggie meshnick will be… painting! weds. 7-11pm, invite your friends! will be applying for new works grant! twits people do not come to antig strike FINANCE$ they gave us about $10,000 what if we don't get railings? can we order railings later? yes! ada sent email asking for more $$$ planning for immediate spending for difference the only emergency financial situation, which would cause us to worry about spending $10,000 of our raised funds, is the light board breaking (luke says its not an issue, josh says we can borrow light board from the dept. in a pinch) and we have to remember… that UFB is willing to give a lot of money–we were asking for a ton, out of the ordinary should we ask UFB for $5,000 for repairs to lights and general maintenance? #TODO ada get quote without railings, send board quote for plats so we can see where this money is going and where we can cut costs #TODO should we appeal for more money? it's a lot of work for Ada and Ezra, need to make the case that the lighting inventory. Luke and/or Ezra can go to UFB meeting to ask for these funds. GRAAAAAAAANTS open jar: NA new works: get receipts from charlotte, will be getting app from , marielle applying SAFETY antig–ladder is screwed into the ground– they're doing a ladder call, so it could be worse 
 SPACE MAINTENANCE:  kathy cleaned floor #TODO luke is going to buy gaff tape! marquis hardware arrived–not going to come for a while, “building too cold to drill into” -austin #TODO everyone keep bugging austin SOCIAL MEDIA/ COMMUNITY OUTREACH schmooze-fun! not terribly productive! but lot of fresh faces! could have been more of a structured conversation BUT it was conceived as informal welcome back, state of PW was not necessarily the focus reschedule party? friday, march 12th? #TODO devon and ezra reach out to tallgrass to see if we would be able to have a party, if they are having a late saturday show PUBLICITY: lottery come see antigonick sweatshirts if you wanna help painting, come! antigonick, strike auditions for the flick 
 
 BUSINESS:   the flick will be having auditions soon, ada and luke will EP talking about comments submitted regarding the state of PW we should make different karma speeches? josh LOVES the canned speeches! could we make more money if we were more sincere? use ur own discretion!!! buy sweatshirts! ezra got call from pw founders who will come to reinish in large numbers! down to do a panel if we are interested in that! can thom get a sweatshirt?! yes! alum wizards: jenny (stage management) and andrew evans (set design magic) have booked for commencement weekend–keep spreadsheet, if anyone wants to look at it, let devon know. we'll have at least 4 or 5 throughout the semester! board wizards–what do people wanna learn? prodcution handbook still in progress. bring back green book!!! #TODO marty update green book! exit surveys at the end of downspace shows about working at PW? EP's at the end of processes should have check-ins with cast and crew post-show. coffee with EP's–how did the board do working on this project? #TODO cameron and becca- check in with jason first, ask people during strike about checking in #TODO everyone, share survey and state of pw on facebook we shared one response and had a discussion about it–we are planning to have a meeting to extend this conversation. #TODO everyone–#TODO Jenn, post responses on googledoc–board members, put your name on it once you've read it in a couple months, when we have a few response–we can decide on actionable steps #TODO fletcher, schedule weekly meeting (odd week) and meeting to discuss responses tell interested friends: “we would love if you came into our meetings to discuss your ideas for PW” power/privilege/inclusivity/sexual assault/ SAPE training from SAO going well!! jamie, ask ziyi if she know where the rollers are!!! WE NEED THEM strike: andrew: taking down lights raphae: box office ( #TODO PIZZA) evan: chairs, plats, silver box liz: scaffolding ezra: chairs, plats, furniture becca: upspace, costume room, dr1 and dr2 josh: shop facilitating things devon: moving big pile of junk luke: set up scaffolding, float between electrics and taking down lights, douvre liesl: electrics and taking down lights ada: props room painting plan: two ladders, two people on each then people on ground going at high up as they can reach leave floor till last, possibly antigonick team can come in after strike and help cameron: shop fletcher: what job do you want? minutes/16feb14.txt · Last modified: 2016/02/22 16:47 by fbell"
16jan31,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes, Jan. 31st, 2016 SOTU: It is a sunny winter day. The birds are chirping the songs of love and kindness. A thief in the night stole Andrew's only pair of shoes–let's put our heads together and try to rustle something up for his bare, blistering feet. He will not survive the winter without our help. 
 HERE: Marty; Andrew, Devon, Luke, Liesl, Becca, Emily (visiting), Evan, Fletcher, Ada, Jamie (visiting), Molly (visiting), Olama (visiting), Josh, Jonathan (visiting), Cameron, Ezra, Adam (visiting) 
 THORNS: fucked up sleep cycle; social obligations; exhausted and cannot do anything anymore; this past week was insane and my room is a mess; still have no groceries; hard time finding good classes; woke up this morning and somebody had stolen my shoes and i only have one pair of shoes; also searching for classes also my chin is raw cause i was smooching but also didn't bring donuts; glibness and concert ticket prices; writing is live, first semester where i have to take requirements, too much reading, class, i just want to do theatre; left peppermint tea in my house! i think my character is midsummer is making me more clumsy, i have knocked mary martha down and bruised my knee; forgetfulness and the sticky note on my desk which is a to-do list which just keeps gettin' longer; the show i'm in is a weird thing, we're becoming our characters; having things to do where people are counting on you and feeling apathetic about them and feeling stressed out by not doing them, have to be responsible for my own food; if i don't get into this writing class, my schedule gets super messed up; forgotten that healing is a process that requires steps backwards to get where you're going, having this feeling where i need to tell someone something but i can't find the right time or the right words. 
 ROSES: wonderful, lovely people in life, got seven pairs of underwear in the mail; didn't expect donuts but they are here; (long pause…) this little cat that has dog ears temmie; school is starting; donuts are here, had breakfast; had a freshman night and partied; seeing cabaret at PPAC this afternoon; been enjoying being here, nice to see everyone and be in providence; reconnecting with a friend i thought i had lost, this video of Australian orchestra on a boat and whales breach and the orchestra is amazed; audacity and liesl's haircut, my roommates and i found a dartboard!; i seem happy, don't know what that's about–JOY; character in midsummer is a clown and it's fun to have that energy in me; got to spend time with my roommates this weekend; don't have classes before three pm any day!; fletcher's hair, my roommates and i had fancy dinner at hemenways, exchanged secret santa gifts and got toe socks wow; i had a freshmen year weekend, not the actual content, the shared experience; tossed salad??? mixed fruit??? ANTIGONICK: not a lot of updates, stacie bought wood! was confused about set; settled on concept; Xiyi, talk to Josh about set–what the set looks like, what its made of. Tech schedule squared away, dry tech Friday, 5th, 6-12pm sunday wet tech 11am-11pm is it going to affected by bowie week? jason has okayed the schmooze at 11:30pm on Wednesday, February 10th February 12th, party? might have to change date to the 13th TALLGRASS GOTHIC first production meeting today; we have a full team except for a td–alex haynes going to reach out; zach silberberg is turning in a set design tonight at production meeting audition times are set for this week, monday-wednesday–> added second set of time, not going to add more hours board needs to monitor once we know the hours that do not have a monitor from the team emily, let us know how big you want the cast should be so josh can buy the scripts 
 UPSPACEdeception games!!! so many people! so many new people! have the key, in the drawer marielle, can apply to new works! can marty apply to open jar retroactively? yes! #TODO fletcher and marty meet to go over contract #TODO marty, solidify times so i can send out email first antigonick, then kathy for TWITs #TODO jenn, send us list for Upfest NITUS, offer NITUS march 1st-5th, offer poler bears april 12th-14th, we could split upfest into two weeks NITUS wants april 12th-14th–nika is in midsummer until end of first week of march, board would have to work extra hard to support NITUS what about NITUS taking march 20th-24th? we feel uncomfortable retracting the dates from Poler Bears; if NITUS takes 20th-24th and Poler Bears take April 12th-15th upspace will be march 1st-5th and march 15th to 19th. #TODO upsquad meeting! to decide on wording to describe the event that is UPFEST!!! SUNDAY SHOWS Andrew, Marty and Ezra will monitor tonight from 5:30pm-8pm FINANCE$ didn't go to UFB meeting this week, caleb hirsch is our rep. , Thursday February 4th, 8pm, going to gather in the Blue Room at 7:30pm, come if you want! do we want to buy guard rails? keston got a quote from venger, plats company, they are $5,000-$6,000 we are getting the same plats as we have officially we need to have rails! according to santucci, we are required to have rails– ada will argue this point to UFB what do we say when they ask us why we havent been using rails? we do use them when the plats are high enough. plats and rails are going to cost $21,800, shipping included–should we ask for them for them to pay for all of it? in the past, they have paid 2/3. other argument: if we buy new plats, we can bring old plats in the upspace, so we don't damage plats by bringing them upstairs josh needs to be reimbursed for 11a #TODO andrew upload budget onto the owncloud, the spreadsheet not the proposal rights are getting paid for Ada still needs to pin down Jennifer, we need to look at Jennifer's receipts GRAAAAAAAANTS wrote the letter to matt, sending it to him, spent $430 open jar: marty may apply to open jar, new works: charlotte applied to new works, #TODO new works, need to decide how much to give her SAFETY safe! safe! safe! SCHEDULING #TODO Raphae, have you worked on the calender? 
 SPACE MAINTENANCE:  they fixed the door-wahoo! #TODO Evan update the silver box Andrew cleaned the gross fridge. He is a hero to be remembered. TWITS kathy holding callbacks today! great turnout for auditions #TODO Andrew and Fletcher going to have showpacket meeting, tell her to apply to New Works josh has to declare it safe! so have fun!!! WELCOME BACK SCHMOOZE/FUNDRAISING: Lincoln in <33333 party: we need ten days to register for a liquor license. we wanted to have it too soon. Friday 12th or Saturday, February 13th–> is antigonick doing a late show? diego will DJ. THERE WILL BE PROJECTIONS. #TODO becca ask jason if he's doing a late show. Joie was pissed that we are having a party. february 10th, schmooze! jason has okayed an 11:30pm schmooze. SOCIAL MEDIA/ COMMUNITY OUTREACH S & B meeting, go to meetings 12-1pm on tuesday-thursday they are having diversity action plan meeting on thursday ada and ezra–State of PW: Ada looked at visions minutes to find categories: designer handbook, upspace plats, piano, PW in the Community, Upsquad, philsophical #TODO everyone look through minutes to see if there are things we want in this document PUBLICITY: martys week tallgrass, td and auditions sweatshirts–ezra sweatshirts #TODO make a facebook announcement announce flick and black comedy 
 BUSINESS Poler Bears: dates for april 12th-14th, NITUS now wants 12th-14th, how many days of rehearsal are they looking for? have performance Tuesday, wednesday, thursday, would want to rehearse prior, three hours in the space; will have to coordinate with us to get into the space because they won't have keys; Ezra will be liason to Poler Bears #TODO Ezra send poler bears contact information for lights and sound in the upspace #TODO everyone fill out whentomeet!!! we need to meet her this week to talk about poler bears for the rest of time activities fair–wednesday from 6-9pm, we need to set up between 6:00-6:45pm–we should have at least two people there at all times #TODO cameron make excel so people can sign up for slots, everyone should go todos? in email–fletcher nice job bumping minutes before meeting #TODO becca, reach out to Keston for form for who is working where asap #TODO update website, fletcher will sit next to Ada #TODO everyone! if you're in PW, write about a room, spatial record exists, contribute to it IMMEDIATELY!!!!!! MARTY WILL SMITE YOU. wizards??? #TODO everyone, fill out the wizards survey fletcher sent not a lot of updates, stacie bought wood! was confused about set; settled on concept; Xiyi, talk to Josh about set–what the set looks like, what its made of. Tech schedule squared away, dry tech Friday, 5th, 6-12pm sunday wet tech 11am-11pm is it going to affected by bowie week? jason has okayed the schmooze at 11:30pm on Wednesday, February 10th February 12th, party? might have to change date to the 13th minutes/16jan31.txt · Last modified: 2016/02/02 15:13 by fbell"
16may8,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes, May 8th, 2016 HERE:Becca; Evan; Liesl; Devon; Marielle; Ada; Ivanna; Jenn; Ezra; Abby; Luke; Liz; Will Conard; Luke; Kestoooon 
 THORNS: have to leave them; lost a 25 page paper and a computer to a glass of water; mood swings and allergies and chapped lips; my roommate; having a lot of things to do; been feeling low for a week; i feel 25% dead inside also it's raining outside and i really wanted to rehearse outside; had three papers due, was called out for plagiarism; the bathroom in my suite is wicked dirty; i'm too relaxed for all the shit and finals i have to do; people making assumptions and assuming it's best for everyone else as well; all semester i haven't had to ask for extensions, asking for them on all my finals, not a big deal but hurts my pride; on the phone trying to get giftcard, messing up every letter of your name; the week is never over; 
 ROSES: so many amazing buds; my life is so perfect i don't even care, my hair is purple; the last night when i laughed harder than i've ever laughed in my entire life–watched a youtube video that killed me; going home tonight because there's an actors equity conference about asian-american actors on broadway; keep watching boy booty music video and celeste is in it; went on walk with liz, corn dog, getting stoned with jesse last night; both liz and i are wearing exactly the same outfits we were yesterday and school of rock; my family was here yesterday, my sister walked in the RISD fashion show; still rehearsing outside; going back to texas for bros grad; taboo and all of the new words we learned; my best friend is gonna be on the mainstage show; people unexpectedly singing really high and taboo and school of rock; connor was going to joes and i was drunk and on the floor and he brought me back mozzarella sticks and fed it to me; met newfoundland named oz might get to housesit with him; getting through the week IF YOU'RE LUCKY [working title] RAD CAST will is GM–> has been told by joey that there might be a read-through, have to figure out early housing → reach out to older folk living off campus eps: raphae and ivanna, #TODO devon will help will with getting eaely housing #TODO raphae or devon help out will with GM advice #TODO devon send show packet to will #TODO board members recruit new designers!!!!! BLACK COMEDY ezra been going to rehearsals and design runs, going well, extended housing went through going over show packet this week TD's should not rely on production team, they have their own work to do–> should be in charge of recruiting a build crew! UPTHINGS/NITUS: NITUS was great, got a key kestoon–> ezra: ziyi's upspace show: 10th: reading from 8pm-8:30pm screening 8:30pm-9:20pm #TODO luke is going to talk to keston about lights don't know how many folks to expect! could be a lot, monitoring might be an active job, being adamant about capacity, letting people know they can't bring alcohol from 9pm-11pm (hard deadline) will be painting today, hanging and focusing lights setting up mics, hooking up sound ada is monitoring, who else wants to help monitor? there should be an HM outside counting capacity, message from organizers about capacity #TODO ada use counter on your phone to maintain capacity ask fletcher and cam if they can HM 9pm-10pm: 10pm-11pm: becca and jenn ada check in with us is there black paint? yes! leftover from WITS–keston will be in touch about paint, will probably get grant for paint from open jar 
 GRANTS new works: ziyi should apply, rolls over to raised funds open jar: #TODO ezra tell ziyi that she should apply, keston might not apply because he's using white paint, we need to track on bearsync so we can see how much grants have, budget spreadsheet FINANCE$ ada dealing with venger asshole get black comedy receipts asap we should move budget spreadsheet to a GOOGLEDOC! 
 SPACE MAINTENANCE:  allen wrench for doors missing–> may be in shop SAFETY safe!!!!! SOCIAL MEDIA/ COMMUNITY OUTREACH wipe down marqueeee! SCHEDULING fill out schedule scheduling convo: devon: jobs bobs: 16th in the evening 6:00-7:30pm workday: offer up may 14th or 16th to MF visions: maybe saturday 5/7??(may possibly be shorter, as this conversation is more integrated into our regular meetings) who wants to lead it? does it have to be led? yeah, it's the person who schedules the whole thing, devon wants to do it! yay devon! #TODO devon either figure out platform to schedule, could do whentomeet EMAIL: VISIONS WHAT GOES IN EMAIL if you're lucky positions rapfest ziyi's upspace show put in blurb about rites and reasons commencement show, needs more hands, run crew, HMs #TODO ivanna send becca info about shows #TODO ada put season announcement on website season announcement 
 
 BUSINESS:   fletcher: we need to get rid of piano #TODO everyone keep filling out visions spreadsheet maria gift! jenn– visions spreadsheet, do we need to discuss certain big radical issues? put your name down if you want to discuss shop tra ining! new kiddos! meetings in the downspace are weird and fun MF asked if we could, at the end of workday, get some snacks, chill #TODO everyone send in workday jobs! trying to use up money, we can use money to work on, look in your rooms and look at the accoutrements to see if there are places we can invest money! can folks borrow costumes from the department? VISIONZ! RAD CAST will is GM–> has been told by joey that there might be a read-through, have to figure out early housing → reach out to older folk living off campus eps: raphae and ivanna, #TODO devon will help will with getting eaely housing #TODO raphae or devon help out will with GM advice #TODO devon send show packet to will #TODO board members recruit new designers!!!!! minutes/16may8.txt · Last modified: 2016/05/14 20:37 by fbell"
14oct19,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes, 19 October 2014 Where the fuck is everyone? Oh well, more donuts for us. I was the agenda bitch. I was a little bitchy. bitchbitchbitch 
 HERE: Marty, Skylar, Emily (visiting), Natalie (visiting), Evan, Liz, Becca, Josh, Simon [minutes-taker] 
 THORNS: sore from fun; not being free for the rest of the day; not liking things I in theory like; EventBrite and the anxiety of thinking about using EventBrite; had bad week and felt like sh*t; haven't seen rehearsal of 3c2c play; n/a; not feelin it 2day; things are okay but feel terrible, also feel like missed/overlooked romantic opportunities over the course of life 
 ROSES: there's a boy and nice night w/ Liz; freedom to be here; sweater; Andrew Silverman and Kent Smith; seeing parents; finished with proposal; feeling good about proposal; women's nutrition bars; sat in the cold at Coffee Exchange and worked on a paper SONG 4 A FUTURE GENERATIONAL GAP Becca is running strike! strike starts at 10pm, Grant gets 10-15 minutes pre-strike plats will stay where they are (chairs go), strike happens, we un-spider plats and then move them let's put up 3c2c light plot as we strike Song lights we will give the director 23 key to MF directors, too (but with obvious caveats of don't be stupid) JOBS: Becca - run strike, Josh - supervising power tools, Simon - furniture, Marty - shop, Skylar - team duv, Evan - chairs and plats, Liz - things in the space and box office and pizza 
 #TODO: SOMEONE, HM SONG WITH MARTY ON MONDAY 
 UPSPACEwe will break up Noah's thing into 1.5-hour slots, TBD over email once we have showtimes Jesse's doing a thing about gyms, Marty hasn't met with him yet MONSTER BALL Ben is working on liquor license stuff GMCS is set up Skylar is working on jobs list—email him by the end of the day with job preferences decor team and alcohol team will be decided when more of us our here, hint hint Liz and Evan have publicity stuff brewing in their cauldron of creativity 3C2C HMs: Friday 6pm: Josh, Liz Saturday 6pm: Skylar Saturday 11pm: Marty, Becca Sunday 8pm: Monday 8pm: Evan 
 #TODO: Marty, send Simon poster info 
 #TODO: Marty, talk to Austin about light plot Evan will lend Marty his camera for production photos hopefully the c & c counts will be correct toast is on Sunday SUNDAY SHOWS Pei Ling will do November 23rd 250TH WIZARDS no news is bad news GRANANTNANGGGRRNANTNAGR no news is TERRIBLE news 
 FINANCES
 #TODO: Austin, talk to Andrew about safety stuff so he can order it we should remind PMs to turn in receipts at strike 
 SPACE MAINTENANCE:  Becca put in another work request for hand dryer in women's room Attitude might borrow pipe bases, Becca will let us know SAFETY yes fear is what makes ladders unsafe, not ladders ARCHIVES 
 ALMOST MAINEpage/album is up when you meet with Upspace buddies, remind them to take pics! we are legally allowed to have a video archive maybe we could donate money to BMP (not students) and they will do nice videos of all our shows 
 #TODO: Skylar, talk to Emma 
 #TODO: Evan, talk to Angela PUBLICITY working on Monster Ball and 3c2c 
 #TODO: Liz, send morning mail for 3c2c 
 #TODO: Marty, make FB event for 3c2c NEW MEMS Ben is buddying Jenn we should have visions before new mems new mems need a semester to figure out how the board actually works Sunday 11/2 for visions? schmooze Wednesday 10/29 at 11pm 
 #TODO: Ben, as Noah's buddy, ask if we can use the upspace 
 #TODO: new mems people, make a Facebook event after we confirm the date 
 #TODO: Evan, edit the apply to the board wiki page 
 #TODO: Marty, add a sidebar for applying to board WINTER@PW 
 #TODO: Becca, reserve a room (JWW, high up) Kutay, Jordana are dropping out 
 #TODO: buddies, update spreadsheet if your buddy is not proposing 
 #TODO: proposals people, make interview calendar MDs do not have be present for interviews directors should be allowed to choose (they can also bring any member of their staff, if they are integral to the process) upload scripts and proposals into ownCloud 
 #TODO: Gabe's buddy, tell him he can bring an MD to his interview if he wants interviews are 20 minutes 
 BUSINESS soccer tonight at 8pm, team members give Becca $2 please #VISIONS How many songs does a show have to have to be a “musical” and thus required to be present at the interview? Directors should be able to choose who is in the room (Skylar) PW should be a group of friends who make theatre together (Skylar) Becca is running strike! strike starts at 10pm, Grant gets 10-15 minutes pre-strike plats will stay where they are (chairs go), strike happens, we un-spider plats and then move them let's put up 3c2c light plot as we strike Song lights we will give the director 23 key to MF directors, too (but with obvious caveats of don't be stupid) JOBS: Becca - run strike, Josh - supervising power tools, Simon - furniture, Marty - shop, Skylar - team duv, Evan - chairs and plats, Liz - things in the space and box office and pizza 
 #TODO: SOMEONE, HM SONG WITH MARTY ON MONDAY minutes/14oct19.txt · Last modified: 2014/10/19 12:05 by shenriques"
14nov30,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes, 30 November 2014 Fletcher took these BROKEN ZIPPER HMs Friday 8pm: Celeste and Ben S. Saturday 6pm: Jenn and Liz Saturday 10pm: Keston and Josh Sunday 8pm: Ben C. and Becca Monday 8pm: Devon and Ada EventBrite and the list will be sent out plats tonight toast Friday 9:45 WONDERLAND EPs, tell cast to come to strike Monday 10pm #TODO Ben, tell Wonderland cast to come prepared first production meeting went well TD still needed; Paige early and Becca as co-TD applying for money CAC sucks(?) THE HOUSE OF BERNARDA ALBA auditions are happening 
 #TODO: Josh, send out audition monitor schedule need a PM bill it as “The House of Bernarda Alba” there might be a hangup with gender we might have to override casting, just know that, but cast as you will, Sam really push auditions since it might seem inaccessible to yougner folk casting scheduling and cooperation with Twelfth Night and Spring Awakening open communication with preferences 
 UPSPACEBroken Zipper this week wheelchair was broken; not ours Emma Davis/Blue Room next week she will move plats during strike for visions “daddy grant” SUNDAY SHOWS Pei Ling is in here today Ben will monitor the 4pm show Marty will tell her to put a trigger warning on the door GRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANTS Open Jar gave Deniz/Emma $100 for Blue Room New Works gave $150 to Broken Zipper Chest Day applied to Open Jar and Margaret's, will be discussed 
 FINANCESwe're gonna buy lots of new things! lots of small things also a washer/dryer! 
 SPACE MAINTENANCE:  door still broken #visions: change name of December show to “Broken Door”? (Ben S.) SAFETY good meeting with Jake meeting prior to Broken Zipper strike, we can talk about some changes ARCHIVES ok PUBLICITY Hamptonsex start thinking of cool Facebook statuses for Broken Zipper Upspace lottery coming up we need to publicize to people other than our friends (so don't just promote events on Facebook) 
 #TODO: Evan, put TWITS in Morning Mail remember to make PW events through the PW Facebook page TWITS 2/20 is the weekend of shows apps due 12/5 at 11:59pm decision meeting 12/6 http://pw.brown.edu/wiki/twits_proposal_guidelines SCHEDULING WORKDAY MF says 12/12 is marginally preferable but maybe Monday 12/15 10am-5pm why do we keep asking MF what works best for them and then just scheduling based on our convenience #visions: worknight?? LASER TAG letter was delivered we should try to reserve a private game CHRISTMAS PARTY still Saturday the 13th, 9pm JOBZZ 6pm Saturday 12/13 VISIONS 12/10 evening 
 BUSINESS Jenn is coordinating TWITS buddies plays due on the third send Celeste names of videographers and photographers are we going to start making wizards happen through productions? Marty has no business (no one heard him) get in touch with Emily to get involved with a new theatre festival! Wednesday, December 3 at 5pm in the Underground #VISIONS How do we handle applicants vs. participants re: upspace? HMs Friday 8pm: Celeste and Ben S. Saturday 6pm: Jenn and Liz Saturday 10pm: Keston and Josh Sunday 8pm: Ben C. and Becca Monday 8pm: Devon and Ada EventBrite and the list will be sent out plats tonight toast Friday 9:45 minutes/14nov30.txt · Last modified: 2014/12/06 17:52 by shenriques"
15sep27,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes, 27 September 2015 
 HERE: Becca, Emily, Keston, Liz, Marty, Kayla, Abby, Ada, Raphae , Luke, Evan, Emma Dickson, Naiyah, Dale 
 THORNS: trying to make situations better to no avail, didn't bring donuts today, woke up in a lot of pain and now have a shitty back ache and two shows, being too hard on myself, lots of tough decisions, scary paper, just not feeling good about things, sick, sick, social media is deceiving, haven't been doing what i need to be doing, steff santucci seeing the hazardous territory that is the butt, could not find new dorm, got super sick after great dinner 
 ROSES: excited about bull, once the donut prospect left crawled into bed with evan, family is here, brought ice cream, snuggling with liz and having a bomb cast list, had a glorious trip home, tried breakfast recipe and it was good, best friend, parents and baby sister are here, doing cool stuff, good facetime conversation with buds, weather is nice, mets blah blah blah sport blah something something, im here, had great dinner saturday Crimes: strike tomorrow at 11:00pm Marty leading Jenn: BO Liz: scaffolding and lights Luke: help liz with scaffolding ada: props and set Evan: chairs and plats Becca: douvre and costumes Keston: douvre and furniture Josh: shop fletch: furniture? Marat/Sade: good design run friday $200 history grant need people to help hang lights (when?) bath paint day is friday need an amp 11A: CASTTTTTT! 
 UPSPACESUPER SECRET this week there will be a board preview show times not solidified #TODO 
 GRANTS new works: money for great expectations apply for outerspace #TODO ada will update spreadsheet #TODO FWTA: great expectations and shhh applied, waiting to hear, margeret sending check to ada Open jar: check has been sent to evan, should arrive shortly FINANCE$ Ada: m/s books still need to be paid for ? new rollers for paint room need to be bought #TODO new plats #TODO jenn #TODO brainstorm for fundraising home depot trip impending?!?!??!?! 
 SPACE MAINTENANCE: : m/s should not use black chairs during rehearsal, only metal ones 
 SAFETY: must start putting guards on black of all plats!!! go to safety training on thursday #TODO OUTERSPACE: last chance to apply must be send out. Wednesday night? email freshmen chicks so they can reach out send email to pw board so they can reach out to groups MONSTER BALL: FRIDAY THE 30th or SATURDAY THE 31st? think about it #TODO should be decided before the end of the week email ray to dj #TODO becca 3C2C: plays have been chosen, directors will be chosen on monday liz will also EP everyone help out!!!! people emailing ben to ask why their plays weren't chosen, how to respond? #PUBLICITY: directors for 3c2c, keep reaching out, morning mail outerspace stuff 
 
 BUSINESS:   directors for 3c2c, keep reaching out, morning mail outerspace stuff can BUGS use the shop for princess aida? would be around the time that urinetown is using it. Ada, reach out to stacy, josh, max and emma to get everyone in the loop #TODO let's keep not paying students who make posters, videos, etc. keep things equal!!! bull wants to use 4 4×4 plats. can they be kept in downspace during m/s rehearsals? evan is looking for love. help him #TODO marty: we need more rules for more baked goods. ALSO—SWEATSHIRT? MUGS?! people should submit designs sweatshirt with kestons face on it would be gud. strike tomorrow at 11:00pm Marty leading Jenn: BO Liz: scaffolding and lights Luke: help liz with scaffolding ada: props and set Evan: chairs and plats Becca: douvre and costumes Keston: douvre and furniture Josh: shop fletch: furniture? minutes/15sep27.txt · Last modified: 2016/01/25 16:43 by fbell"
14sep07,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes, 7 September 2014 Everything still has an air of newness: we haven't quite firmed up our class schedules, we haven't quite settled into our new jobs, we haven't quite figured out this new class of 2018. Yet things are moving: one Upspace show closed already. More old faces than last week, but some new ones, too. We eat baked goods and make plans. 
 HERE: Jenn (visiting—Almost, Maine), Evan, Marty, Fletcher, Ben, Liz, Becca, Andrew, Keston, Austin, Celeste, Ezra (visiting—curious freshman), Skylar, Allison (visiting—friend), Simon [minutes-taker], Dylan (visiting—Song) 
 THORNS: worried about not liking classes; it was so hot; not acting on impulses and too much self-awareness; people feeling like they can say whatever w/o consequences; drank like a freshman; remembering things that I really really thought I had forgotten; woke up facing the wrong way; have to make Fletcher feel bad about himself to feel happy; empty liquids into my body; first time on pw board sans Adam Wyron; eight hours of rehearsal; already have lots of homework; toenail is green and falling off; can't find lucky headband; roommate is using room as storage room for stolen street signs; woke up to dishes in the sink 
 ROSES: Allison is visiting, eating a donut; here and it's a beautiful day; MAN UP SHUT UP; good weekend; feelin good (apart from physical body), fun archsings; IT'S A NIECE for Uncle Marty!; panther; logic class in which I am smarter than Fletcher; seafood festival and photo experiments; donuts indicative of happy love; yesterday was the kind of day I always hoped college would be like (including group shower); got groceries including rotisserie chicken and freshmen thought I was a senior; too many classes I want to take; oysters; getting started with stuff; weather is lovely 
 ALMOST MAINEplats are Wednesday, 9/17 at 11pm set inspection 9/15 at 11am WE ALL MUST BE AT safety training in the Downspace Tuesday 9/9 or Wednesday 9/10 from 3-5pm SONG 4 A FUTURE GENDERISASPECTRUM meetings are in progress will they need more money for the set? mayyyybe once they have graphics they will audition poster 
 UPSPACEMarcus is out, Isabel is in new liaison system seems to be working well Liz will liaise Jenn's Upspace week if you're monitoring an Upspace show, sit near the door to deal with late seating FRESH PEOPLE use the email list from the activities fair to fill Song team (email directly so they feel special) 
 #TODO: Becca, sort the list and put it in Google Drive VISIONS/NEW MEMS/DECISION MEETING SCHEDULING decisions meeting: Sunday, 10/26 proposals due Sunday, 10/19 new members meeting: Saturday, 11/8 visions meeting: who knows? but not this Sunday SUNDAY SHOWS BMC expressed enthusiasm, they will get one 250TH WIZARDS same as it ever was GRAAAANTS!!!!!!!!!!! New Works grant meeting right after this meeting New Works has $1000 for the semester; Open Jar is full at $450 
 FINANCESthe spreadsheet lives on the ownCloud money? we've got it. $13,000 this semester (which we applied for, lots for safety-related improvements) don't get PO'ed if you need a PO—just text Andrew! we were supposed to get $50 from Mark Cohen and $250 from Continuing Ed for Theatrebridge—did we? 
 #TODO: Andrew, check if we did 
 SPACE MAINTENANCE:  let's paint the Upspace floor during plats SAFETY we are, still. 3C2C it is the weekend of 10/24 plays due Tuesday 9/23 at 5pm decide on plays in the box office that night director apps due Sunday 9/28 at 5pm Marty will EP and we'll figure out someone else after this round of auditions LEFTOVER VISIONS TOPIC: MACHINES SEWING & WASHING we [Austin] will get them 
 BUSINESS don't store things under the car seat in the box office Fletcher tried to do some joke thing with the amendment system of our constitution but it fell flat on its face, sorry Fletcher, seemed like a funny thing 
 #TODO: Celeste, update the Upspace contract and the wiki page to accurately spell out what resources come with an Upspace week (along with potential exceptions) 
 #TODO: Evan, make a subcommittee to figure out what we want out of a new website so we can talk about it concretely at Visions (Austin, Andrew, Marty) Austin will run a shop training at some point you don't need rights for academic staged readings, hooray! if we want to accurately archive, we should have it on the agenda bulletin boards in the box office are themed now?!?! 
 #TODO: read up on inclusivity stuff from Paige 
 #TODO: Becca, figure out intramural soccer #VISIONS Nudity in the Upspace or conversation-starting stuff every year? (Paige, Evan) plats are Wednesday, 9/17 at 11pm set inspection 9/15 at 11am WE ALL MUST BE AT safety training in the Downspace Tuesday 9/9 or Wednesday 9/10 from 3-5pm minutes/14sep07.txt · Last modified: 2014/09/07 12:26 by shenriques"
15jan25,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes, 25 January 2015 meetin' in a winter wonderland 
 HERE: Austin, Keston, Paige, Ada, Ben C., Celeste, Devon, Josh, Ian (visiting—Upspace), Andrew, Liz, Becca, Lauren (visiting—Wonderland), Jenn, Rebecca (visiting—Wonderland), Skylar, Simon [minutes-taker], Fletcher 
 THORNS: no more post-10pm hang outs; really tired; risks; sick; can feel weather in joints like an old woman; succumbing to reality; craziness; the I'm With The Band program is a lie; back feels fucked up; haven't cried in like a week and my face feels constipated; not dropping thesis; feeling “thhppt” [fart noise]; have to do actual schoolwork; mini-version of Celeste's sickness; have to throw away some yummy stew; something bothering me but WHAT?; sick and getting sicker—pretty mucoused up; cracked head on Myra Citrin's car 
 ROSES: productive mornings and lots of sleep; cast my show and playing lots of hearts; challenges; getting really excited about things that I do; got to run around and play in the snow; the beauty of reality; puttin' on a show!; Emma is visiting; happy with classes; found Adam Wyron's labels on plats; not dropping thesis; have been sought out by freshman for advice on applying to this board; Wonderland is wonderful; TV sort of mostly works and classes will be genuinely challenging; seein peeps; skiing; schedule is settled and saw Goodfellas; got into a play WONDERLAND building is super fun still looking for an ASM doing more shows with smaller house 425 total show-seeing opportunities is arbitrary if we are going to ask them to do more shows, we should support them (ordering food, BURP massages) we can just start selling tickets a half-hour before the show make the Upspace a waiting room? one HM will be out front redirecting people to the Upspace door, one HM does ticketing in the Upspace up to 8 cast/crew reserves per show, one show can have 15 reserves cast should invite friends to dress rehearsals BERNARDA ALBA IN THE HOUSE they need a SM, PM 
 UPSPACESarah's show happened, people came Ian is in here next week Ben is going to monitor and operate the board Spencer is in here after Wonderland, Andrew is liaison there is a rep plot now SPRING @ PW we're leaning towards Saturday 2/21 BUT a bunch of people might have tech if Twelfth Night doesn't have a two-day tech, seems like 2/21 is better ten-page limit on proposals and they're due on Wednesday 2/18 schmooze Wednesday 2/11 
 #TODO: Celeste, make a Facebook event email Jenn for a buddy SUNDAY SHOWS Clyde is playing at 7pm no alcohol! TWITS there's a cast looking for a PM production meeting soon gonna apply for some grants WRITERS' WEEK we met and this is the result: http://pw.brown.edu/wiki/writing_is_undead designing three shows in rep is tough we're thinking one design team for all three shows GRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANTS! Fletcher is sad he doesn't get to high five anyone benefactor still has not told Liz about WW money Matt takes a long time to get in touch with Fletcher FINANCE$ SAO upgraded their system and they're more stringent now no washing machine?! 
 #TODO: Andrew, try to get us money for a washing machine we could use raised funds? nah when we fundraise, ask for items rather than amounts 
 SPACE MAINTENANCE:  we're space SAFETY we're space only saws require training, screw guns are fine ARCHIVES “did you guys meet?” “naw. i'm sending out an email right now” PUBLICITY FB Events Creation / Morning Mail Submission Team Writers Week: Simon Spring @ PW: Celeste Spring @ PW Schmooze: Jenn 
 BUSINESS freshman brunch what the what?! on a Saturday or Sunday before Wonderland shows? Ben read an article that said we should grill if we lose power in the storm mid-year activities fair is Wednesday 2/4 
 #TODO: Liz, send around a thing so we will have people there 
 #TODO: Austin, PWAQ please 
 #TODO: Becca, send an email about spring intramural sports 
 #TODO: Austin, add scheduling work day to next agenda 
 #TODO: everyone, email Austin about what you want to learn #VISIONS we are BLIND and have NO VISIONS building is super fun still looking for an ASM doing more shows with smaller house 425 total show-seeing opportunities is arbitrary if we are going to ask them to do more shows, we should support them (ordering food, BURP massages) we can just start selling tickets a half-hour before the show make the Upspace a waiting room? one HM will be out front redirecting people to the Upspace door, one HM does ticketing in the Upspace up to 8 cast/crew reserves per show, one show can have 15 reserves cast should invite friends to dress rehearsals minutes/15jan25.txt · Last modified: 2015/01/25 12:16 by shenriques"
16april4,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes, April 4th, 2016 
 HERE: Fletcher; Andrew; Becca; Liz; Evan;; Raphae; Luke; Liesl; Cameron; Devon; ; Josh; Marty; Marielle; Ada; Ivanna; Brianna; Jenn; Ezra 
 THORNS: i'm sick and i lost my wallet college decisions don't know where i wanna go next yearinefficient wet tech working hard to make things perfect, drowning myself in work saw someone i know at cvs and i said hi and they came up to me 'you meet a lot of celebrities'?? first day a very long day, RISD photog class my brain has too many tabs open my shoes are no longer waterproof abby keeps meeting celebrities somehow my senor thesis is already stressing me out if i lay down for more than five minutes i will fall asleep it is a blizzard and we're supposed to a show outside this weekend and i literally had the least efficient tech i will ever be a part of (more inefficient than evan work and procrastinationvery tired a lot of things i want to be at at the same time 
 ROSES: guilford connectiut police are the most professional police really good birthday and really good friendsbanged out paper got a crazy amount of work done, im ahead, good coffeespring break spring break was really goodspring break in miami, lots of fun, no work donedating my best friend and we get to make out and new mems are here i'm pretty sure popcorn means hook-up with two people, but i modified it to one and slept in evans bed and it was awesome and i live in domestic blissspring break, brothers girlfreinds cat is the perfect weightbaseball is back new mem faces, three years thyroid cancer free weather, i love snow, devon met my grandma weather is nice and snow and i might be moving somewhere where there is no snow also i have a new nephew and also forgot about him i get to gouge someones eye out and break a bloodpack and rise up from behind a chair and its so fundidn't expect donuts but i am amazed really happy to be in the room for little women, want you all to come see it there are a lot of things i want to be at THE LICK naiyah not here, didn't know about meeting everything is good, liz and ada were at tech, things went well even though it was in a tough place last week, their rehearsal was going five or six minutes over and loud piano playing was happening in the uspace, when he asked [pw board members] to be quiet, he felt they were rude– we have to be super conscious of the silence in the flick (we fucked them over a couple times) we asked taiko to move rehearsals for tech week, they played upstairs and it's been fine, but you can still hear it marty has given much notice regarding showdates we should put signs on front door all doors–to be quiet for flick on saturday #TODO fletcher email james janusson about BMC not sure what final run time will be–3:30hr– should we use the backdoor during set up could we focus set-up near the backdoor? are we worried about noise for people coming in for monster ball? line at backdoor for pwom PLATS TOMORROW at 11:00pm HMS: (new mems: ome hour an a half early, get email with ticket reserves, give out tickets to people with reserves, starting an hour before show, give out tickets that are not reserved, give the HM speech, stay for the show, collect karma at the end) fri 8: liz and ezra sat 8: raph and abby sun 2: andrew and marielle sunday 8: cam and ivanna monday 8: ada and becca email naiyah tonight if you want to reserve a ticket with the night you want to toast likely at 11:30pm, #TODO andrew buy champagne BLACK COMEDY EPS: raphae and ezra, will be in touch about audition HMs UPTHINGS: poler bears; rude and uncommunicative, showed up tonight and played loud music here april 12th-14th, performing all three days #TODO ezra, help us set HM's soon enough– we will HM this show soon we're gonna have to use the upspace plats #TODO upsquad #TODO cam bump da link for upfest survey 
 GRANTS new works: ( $2,000 per year) open jar: ($450 per semester, upspace only) mess with the audience: ($200 a semester) FINANCE$ we're buying new plats 4 $21,000 venger wants money, donna wants invoice, can't get one without the other, rep switched SAO will sign a quote, ada will give quote to venger, push it through their magic business purchase orders, will register at university and then we will get money, hopefully will order them a week from today submitted budget for next calendar year, will hear next week $3 for pwom first chunk will go to fletch and marty becca needs $25 people have been reimbursed for inish food reimbursements–#TODO becca check with brian, might have gone through direct deposit–gets funneled through paycheck, we can show them bearsync quote (student activities office in faunce, they give us money!!! we request budget from UFB, student org, but our bank account is handled by SAO, submitting the budget, finance people put together a list of our costs and tell them how much money we need, we do it every march, you can check it out on pw.owncloud.org) 
 SPACE MAINTENANCE:  we need to paint over upfest put up gender neutral signs (the ghost of dean poopyhead is the culprit) mic stands–broken, dance room is taking all of our shit, check out the dance studio if you lose shit SAFETY does flick have safety scheduled? carpet? BO? yes! (when?) #TODO ANDREW LET'S SHOP TRAIN NEW MEMS WITS holding meeting with artists everyone should check out mirandas proposal in the owncloudsuper visual-arty could this be viable for new works? looking for grants, if anyone knows grants, let miranda know (new mems: week in the space, dead week in downspace, we gave it away instead of letting it be dark) ALUMNI WIZARDS april 28th, sam kusnetz for qlab, product manager at qlab (wizards are learning workshops) SOCIAL MEDIA/ COMMUNITY OUTREACH black comedy auditions #TODO devon add the new babieees to facebook admin #TODO raphae add them to calendar DOWNSPACE PROPOSALS luke and marielle– joohan devon and abby– ??? we really need to push proposals, how are we gonna do this? #TODO evan make schmoooze event #TODO fletcher book room for proposal meeting #TODO evan make poster PWOM: line-up at the backdoor don't drink new mems, if something goes wrong, we are the ones who take care of it if we are unable to do this parties, we lose a big source of revenue! invite your friends!!! on facebook! set-up during the day, #TODO luke will send out schedule, we will do organized thingggg to avoid conflicting with the flick set-up is easy, lights and decorations decorations/liquor committee: andrew, raphae, cameron will contribute 500 balloons get gin!!!! for G+T's!!! have to charge $3 a drink! EMAIL: pwom april 9th the flick proposals black comedy proposals survey schmooze 
 
 BUSINESS:   how to check to sign up for ADOCH–we're in the booklet, are we in activities fair? cameron, how do we make sure we're in it? do we do facilitated tours of pw; yes, luke will talk about adoch event as it draws closer SAPE-emailed, they are super busy now, interested in doing it next semester! andy wants to build in shop for little women, pianos? wants to make a frame out of ply wood and masonite, #TODO cameron tell him to get into contact with joshua; andy is not shop trained, can't build w/o supervision we told SOTG that they couldn't use the shop; marty: taiko will cancel on sunday, marty is primary contact, EP's also check in about specific needs–good to know that they can indeed practice upstairs unless it is an absolutely silent show PWAQ: newsletter gets sent to alumni, a quarterly, should be four times a year, doesn't make sense now, we should do bi-annnual! visions topic! #TODO jenn, let's plan tye-dye event! who is running proposal meeting? fletcher? ada? marty? the triad? laundry for shakespeare on green– laundry; should be between GM's and costume designers! for the show to decide, not us. if you want photo taken, stay after meeting and we will whip them out flick EP's send list of things we have to do at plats? ezra got phone call from viriginian, customink said they couldnt print the design, he's getting back to me. the flick: using haze, need haze juice, does it come from our money or theirs? it's like paint, they should reimburse us. can be ordered from hi-output or amazon, ada will respond to email, but not initiate stickers: #TODO raph customink are expensive, reaching out to now hear this folks updating show packet KEYS 4 NEW MEMS offer free admission to pwom may 8th, 9th, 10th? lotterying off upspace? #TODO ada check in with keston decision meeting saturday, april 30th! abby can't make it, neither can josh, liesl has late conflict #TODO abby check in with MF about, we should prioritize abby's conflict, complex process, #TODO jenn gonna recount money in BO, fletcher already people can reimburse for inish after pwom #TODO upfest, can we message upfest groups–follow up about coffee, and plug proposals and schmooze. #TODO jenn organize gift for maria, last year we did flowers and a card outerspace fest!?!?!?!? minutes/16april4.txt · Last modified: 2016/04/09 19:58 by fbell"
15sep20,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes, 1 September 2014 
 HERE: Becca M., Fletcher, Keston, Liz, Ben, Lauren (freshman), Andy (M/S), Marty, Kayla (eager freshman), Abby (freshman), Josh, Ada, Raphae (crimes), James 
 THORNS: wine is a fickle bitch, missed bens upspace week, shitty week, lack of sleep, parked in narrow spot now side mirror is dead, atlantic ocean, thought he was late but he was in fact early, keston has bad breath, has learned the script of humanity and yearns to feel the world, breath is really bad, huge wet bug on a wall, wanted to sleep friday night but was forced to entertain, infatuation, being uncomfortably busy 
 ROSES: wine, bens uspace re-affirmed trust in world, sunshine, it is cooler out in a nice way, had fun visiting sissy at college, marat rehearsal, floating on a boat down a river and the river is like a beautiful tapestry, nice morning job, went on newport mansion tour, had a ye old dinner with a ye olde friend, sunshine, watched big hero 6, marty, keston and liz' pants. Crimes wet tech happened plats happening wednesday Tuesday 9.22.15 safety walkthrough posters sent to josh for approval, hanging them monday HMs Friday 8:00pm-Liz and Becca Saturday 8:00pm-Fletcher and Keston Sunday 2:00pm: Ben Sunday 8:00pm: Jenn and Marty Monday 8:00pm: —? Marat/Sade: Set designer, Zoe, wants newspapers and plastic bags saved for set (josh will check if this is even legal) things going really well!!! everybody is so so so happy!! 
 UPSPACEbens gotta paint dis shit and apply for grant (paint and funions) #TODO crimes up there this week super secret next week need to start planning lottery #TODO 
 GRANTS waiting for Sam Rubineck's application outerspce will apply to fund copious amounts of apple cider donuts FINANCE$ get quote from Ada for various things for TF Green (routing table/sewing/steel bars?) 
 SPACE MAINTENANCE:  keep monitoring paint room to make sure shit is draining and not clogged WORKING HAND DRYER IN WOMENS RESTROOM austin helped hang new speakers–working well 
 SAFETY: Safety walk through Tuesday, safety guide (?) will be sent out and hard copy will be in BO Santucci: Friday 4:00-5:30pm, might shift earlier, EVERYONE MUST GO scaffolding training happening so we can have scaffolding tags (hehhehe) OUTERSPACE: sending out email to last springs perfomers #TODO sending out application #TODO gotta make facebook event #TODO get floods from SOTG #TODO and register event on SAO NEW MEMS: currently planning on this sched: Schmooze Oct. 14th, Applications Oct. 21st, Meeting Saturday Oct. 24th. Jenn make facebook event, 'schmooze and apply to pw board' #TODO #PUBLICITY: LET'S PROMOTE EVERYONES THEATRE ON THE PW FB PAGE push crimes, push 3c2c (does this ben put everything in morning mail always 
 
 BUSINESS:   LETS HANG OUT MORE, GET A SUSHI BOAT AND SWEATSHIRTS LETS MAKE OUR WEBSITE GOOD. CAN ANYONES FRIEND NAMED CHARLIE WORK ON THIS???? wet tech happened plats happening wednesday Tuesday 9.22.15 safety walkthrough posters sent to josh for approval, hanging them monday HMs Friday 8:00pm-Liz and Becca Saturday 8:00pm-Fletcher and Keston Sunday 2:00pm: Ben Sunday 8:00pm: Jenn and Marty Monday 8:00pm: —? minutes/15sep20.txt · Last modified: 2016/01/25 16:30 by fbell"
14sep14,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes, 14 September 2014 It was a long meeting. We sat on benches. Our backs slumped over at uncomfortable angles. 
 HERE: Austin, Skylar, Ben, Evan, Becca, Celeste, Liz, Jenn (visiting—Almost, Maine), Ezra (visiting), Marty, Andrew, Keston, Fletcher, Paige, Sam (visiting—Nudity), Simon [minutes-taker] 
 THORNS: lost water bottle (was very attached to it); feel like a freshman and an alum; shame; trying to branch out but it might backfire; random thoughts and vomit in the hall; eating alone; severe back pain from being frozen in place while watching True Detective; already behind on schoolwork; had to discuss circumcision; [something passive-aggressive]; discontent; empty stomach; losing toenail plus fuck REI am I right; we never un-Company-ed the benches and slept too much; Celeste crashed my car; my unit was super drunk last night 
 ROSES: Andrew and his girlfriend SO CUTE; Lucy the Puppy graduated from puppy kindergarten; Keston remembers some of his circumcision; Keston was circumcised by a rabbi even though he's not Jewish; was not the vomiter; Bagel Gourmet; finished True Detective; Emma is here; friendship and German literature; Will Underwood; gratitude; full heart; feels like I'm walking on clouds; things are mostly good and fun; berry-pickin' this weekend; my unit 
 ALMOST MAINEit's comin' up, let's publicize! Blue Room will hopefully be working for ticketing plats are Wednesday at 11pm Upspace painting during strike monitors! Fri 8pm: Keston, Fletcher Sat 6pm: Evan, Becca Sat 10pm: Skylar, Andrew Sun 8pm: Liz, Marty Mon 8pm: Austin, Ben SONG 4 A FUTURE GENERAL ROBERT E. LEE there is a cast! new faces! team is all full (they had a big dinner) 
 UPSPACEGoing Somewhere is done, very positive experience wall got painted a different black, we will fix at strike next lottery will be mid-October updates from Sam! confirmed security from SAO for every night events at 7pm all week except Tuesday at 5pm and Friday at 8pm and 10pm (maybe 6pm) all events will need bags checked space will be painted, will apply for funding soon Blue Room will be utilized if functional we should do advance guest ticketing 3C2C plays due next Tuesday—share the Facebook event! you MUST use three chairs and two cubes (writer-suggested), you MUST NOT use anything else 
 #TODO: Marty, send poster info to Evan 
 #TODO: Evan, make poster by plats on Wednesday SUNDAY SHOWS BMC will be in October will reach out to Gabe Nudity wants one, we'll talk Becca wants one we will talk to Taiko (will it be too loud?) we will talk to Poler Bears variety show? would bring in lots of different groups at the same time maybe one a semester 250TH WIZARDS meeting with Joie this week to figure out how much money we have, if there are events to schedule around Kate Burton?! 
 #TODO: Skylar, reach out to Dan recent alums in theatre workshop (Megan, Adam, …?) falltime renish? we have money to do anything we want that brings back alums MONEY THAT WE GIVE OUT TO PEOPLE AFTER THEY APPLY FOR IT!!! Upspace projects got some money after they applied for it did Isabel spend any money? are we publicizing New Works? yes, apparently 
 FINANCESBunny, Bunny money money is coming out of this year's budget, not last year's not really an issue since the money they didn't spend went into our raised funds 
 #TODO: Marty, check in with Mark Cohen and Continuing Education SAO prefers us not to use Craigslist, but if we do we should have a bill of sale groceries are suspicious we would rather spend more money for a new washer/dryer 
 SPACE MAINTENANCE:  we will look into the sparking wire at plats we should take out the busted bolt on the plat SAFETY idiots who weren't at the meeting, email Austin ARCHIVES Archives team is having an archives-specific visions Bunny, Bunny photos are up LEFTOVER VISIONS TOPIC: LA23 FOR DOWNSPACE SHOWS we will give it to the director need to specify that shows should not be using black chairs for rehearsal chillin 
 #TODO: Skylar, build a lockbox for guns 
 BUSINESS Becca is hoppin on jobs! look at the wiki page for your rooms/jobs Kali Quinn wants to do a Sunday show while Cabaret is in the space it is Jenn's prerogative to give away or not soccer starts next week (Sundays between 6 and 9) let's open it up to the community should we make multiple teams? should publicity & outreach be an agenda item? let's promote pw generally, as a thing—chalk? SOTG has proposed merging our costume stocks sticky issue Winter at PW schmooze 10:30 on Sunday 10/5 Writing is Live wants/needs(?) a larger undergrad presence is this a way to use the potential funding from our benefactor? Skylar and Sam K-M are S&B people dealing with new work we should take submissions this semester #VISIONS nothing this week it's comin' up, let's publicize! Blue Room will hopefully be working for ticketing plats are Wednesday at 11pm Upspace painting during strike monitors! Fri 8pm: Keston, Fletcher Sat 6pm: Evan, Becca Sat 10pm: Skylar, Andrew Sun 8pm: Liz, Marty Mon 8pm: Austin, Ben minutes/14sep14.txt · Last modified: 2014/09/15 09:40 by shenriques"
14sep21,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes, 21 September 2014 I was at Sweeney Todd wet tech, day 2. 
 HERE: Austin, Keston, Andrew, Liz, Marty, Sam (visiting—Nudity), Fletcher [minutes-taker], Jenn (visiting—Almost, Maine), Becca, Paige, Evan, Celeste 
 THORNS: Alex in a coffin; raindrops keep falling on my head; not dead or broken head; a splinter that won't come out; confused about Waxwing timing and confusedness; Saturday night; “look at me, I'm a bag” and matching with Andrew Ganem; need waaaater; laundry and food; too many times that I needed to wear my suit; my mom was crying because of a little boy's heart of justice and pastor who wanted to talk to him about the church 
 ROSES: dinosaurs fro the '90s; Andrew is sick; Providence; Waxwing and its beautiful people; Cabaret auditions this week; Friday night; Waxwing and Harmo babies and broccoli; visiting; Josh got punched in the face and dinosaurs; “I can bend my toenail and gross everybody out—pardon the vomit”; it's my birthday! 
 ALMOST MAINEfull houses, even on a late Saturday night! might run out of programs—Sunday HMs should talk to Jenn strike at 10pm on Monday Keston: duv, Andrew: electrics, Liz & Fletcher: lights, Marty: Upspace & booth & shop, Paige: coordinate what goes to the Upspace & painting, Celeste: box office, ALL: CHECK UP ON YOUR ROOMS SONG 4 A FUTURE GENERAL HOSPITAL no money needed they will be at strike they found an ALD 
 UPSPACEnobody was in here apart from 
 ALMOST MAINE
 #TODO: Austin, get black paint NUDITY IN THE 
 UPSPACE
 #TODO: Celeste, adapt a program template and give to Sam K-M Joie is scheduling GMCS and it shouldn't be a problem we need to do bag check on naked events Schedule: Monday 7-9: Arts and Crafts/Body Painting Tuesday 5-6:30: Yoga Wednesday 8-9:30: Clothed Panel Thursday 8-9:30: up in the air (game night? movie night?) Friday 8 & 10: Devised piece Saturday 7-9: Open Mic 3C2C plays due next Tuesday at 5pm if you want to read plays, show up at 5:15 to preserve anonymity we have an SD and an SM 
 #TODO: Marty, put up the director app director apps due Sunday at 5pm (or after soccer) be ready to publicize auditions very quickly 250TH WIZARDS recent grad things should happen Joie is putting out feelers gggrrraaannntttsss!!! Margaret sent out an email about her grant it should be called Mess With The Audience probably we will get some posters up 
 FINANCESwe have spent about $1200 this semester 
 ALMOST MAINEhas gotten in most of its receipts we owe Austin lots of $$$ new UFB policies: if food is integral to an event, you can get it totally funded freshman brunch, schmooze food, renish food, etc. if we can demonstrate need, we can get $50 for advertising an event instead of the usual $25 
 #TODO: Andrew, deposit checks (in desk) 
 #TODO: Marty, badger summer people about money 
 SPACE MAINTENANCE:  crack in wall should be fixed on workday SAFETY idiots who weren't at the meeting, Stephanie S. is scheduling another one DAN ROGERS DIRECTING WORKSHOP 
 #TODO: Skylar, look into this—seems to be your department ARCHIVES Todd Lipcom came, we talked a lot video archives of shows for alums? PUBLICITY 
 #TODO: Marty the mailman, reach out about 3c2c auditions 
 #TODO: everyone, hang 3c2c posters SAM KUSNETZ TICKETING EMAIL we like the Blue Room Sam Kusnetz's thing is a lot like Eventbrite 
 #TODO: Marty, change the sidebar option on the website to “Tickets” Blue Room should be working by next weekend, definitely for Song Sam K-M might want to use Blue Room for Nudity PROPOSAL Qs inclusivity question, ok but we want to keep them short there are some questions that can't be answered until it happens could we have an “interview prep” section? want a brief description of pw values—formalizing buddy process flesh out the language of what happens in the interviews all of this on the same page as proposal questions 
 #TODO: Paige, Andrew, Celeste, hash out “interview prep” questions “how will you be motivational” seems to be the same as “actively lead” anyway, we could see it from the interview—put it in interview prep? we should take it off “Why the downspace?” too utilitarian how will it fill the space/why place it in the downspace? maybe they don't need to have the same ideology should ask “What is the draw of the downspace?” should we be more vague with an explicit statement that there is no right answer? maybe just: There is no right answer, so tell me, why pw? how do we convey that you can be honest and say the truth if the reason is just that pw is the only place it could happen because of money and space we shouldn't use “We as a board” as a phrase since we don't always agree “Why pw?” should exist Ben's comment about using questions as waypoints is good should state that there is no requirement 
 #TODO: Celeste and Andrew, draft up vagueness paragraph failure should not necessarily be seen as something to avoid maybe keep as an interview question 
 BUSINESS MF wants to change workday date 
 #TODO: Simon, find new workday date Marty fixed the piano pedal, Joel is coming tomorrow to tune the piano Sunday before Nudity is the schmooze (maybe Nudity can paint while we drink?) we need pictures for Upspace shows kissing booth for prom?????! #VISIONS work week (Becca) full houses, even on a late Saturday night! might run out of programs—Sunday HMs should talk to Jenn strike at 10pm on Monday Keston: duv, Andrew: electrics, Liz & Fletcher: lights, Marty: Upspace & booth & shop, Paige: coordinate what goes to the Upspace & painting, Celeste: box office, ALL: CHECK UP ON YOUR ROOMS minutes/14sep21.txt · Last modified: 2014/09/26 23:24 by shenriques"
15mar30,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes, 30 March 2015 
 HERE: Skylar, Celeste, Luke (!!!), Becca B. (!!! that she needs a last initial now), Keston, Devon, Ada, Liz, Ellie (visiting), Josh, Fletcher, Becca M. (!!!), Austin, Ben S., Ben C., Andrew, Jenn, Simon [minutes-taker] 
 THORNS: up at 5am and sunburnt; “I came back here and realized how much this place makes me sad”; continuous sickness (not herpes) (not lupus); bad dreams; impending doom; changing concentration to something way harder; mom watched leukemia documentary; playing soccer hurts; death in the family; terrible mood from terrible nightmare; old me; things will go wrong; you have to pay your dues so things can get better; couldn't sing Happy Birthday to dad (it's his birthday); living in a world of what-ifs and could-have-beens; starting to feel like I'm running out of time; late to meeting and creative mind works at inconvenient times; constants 
 ROSES: was in St. Thomas; Austin taught me a good rule; some places are warm; good dreams; fun break and job; left Panama disease-free; met Bryce Harper; played soccer; fun break; hiking in Northern Malibu and Jack Usher saying “frozen poop dildos”; new computer; LINK funding; cute grandma called; dinner at professor's house; the upspace and Marty and Evan; visiting little sister; friends; variables FOUR COLORED GIRLS plats Wednesday 4/9 @ 11pm painting Wednesday 4/2 @ 11pm they need a poster design IN2 THA WOODZ show packet meeting is tomorrow we will find out when the shows are board members are not allowed to convince him one way or the other MTI never received the contract we're working on it we might have to pay rush charges 
 UPSPACEDreeeeeeeeeeams is going fiiiiiiiiiiine lottery this Sunday—push it! SUNDAY SHOWS open mic was in here used the piano sparse attendance Brown Unheard maybe could help w/ Outerspace? there is one more GRAAAANTS!! no one has applied to New Works got a check for Open Jar Open Jar funded Thank You Sorry FINANCE$ we got all our funding we are maybe getting a washing machine…? PWOM the only option is next Friday 4/10 we are calling it 4/10 Goooone they will be accommodating we need to get a liquor license Skylar and Keston will make a jobs list 
 #TODO: if you want to be a roaming party monitor (no off shifts), email Skylar 
 #TODO: let Skylar know if you want specific jobs decorations, drinks, etc. will happen next week SAFETY Stephanie Santucci is mad at Austin/PW box office is gross electrics room has broken cable paint room is dangerous 
 SPACE MAINTENANCE:  all the scaffolding in the smelly room is rusted and ruined WORKDAY it's Sunday 5/10 5/10[WORK] this date had better work for all you fuckers 
 BUSINESS advertise the upspace lottery please! Keston is thinking about the freshman b®unch for next year FCG cast can come to prom for free Liz will not be at prom #VISIONS - plats Wednesday 4/9 @ 11pm painting Wednesday 4/2 @ 11pm they need a poster design minutes/15mar30.txt · Last modified: 2015/03/31 00:00 by shenriques"
16april25,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes, April 25th, 2016 
 HERE: Fletcher; Becca; Evan; Liesl; Devon; ; Josh; Marty; Marielle; Ada; Ivanna; Brianna; Jenn; Ezra; Cam; Miranda [visiting] 
 THORNS: fun awkward times with exes; time passing; addicted to reading room; gonna miss wearing braids; gnarly sunburn from putting up…; stuff; i'll never find love; austin draycott; feeling really a lot of stress in the pit of my stomach; left my waterbottle and the never ending semester; being sad and disappointed who are infants and have no problem solving skills; my face feels hot right now; people who can't do their job and throw their shit at me and expect me to pay them money for their fuckups; i'm in weird acute pain right now and my allergies are worse than they've ever been 
 ROSES: couldn't decide betwen getting ivy room smoothie or mozz sticks, got both; two babies; laziness and prov downtown reading room; carousel; …the MARQUIS; being happy and independent and having fun; getting really excited about next year, becca's voice and music; fucking yogurt; i cast my show; printing at RISD; best week of my life; i'm definitely staying in providence next year, got a job, get an iphone; saw bernman jones, star man, twenty wrestlers wearing cat ears and tails; seeing hamilton; blackhawks are destroying and game seven tomorrow; trying to stay excited, going to paint giant mural next week CAROUSEL, THE strike tuesday, 10:30pm, cameron will lead speakers can be left up fletch: plats, chairs, booths liz: paint, we need black paint, put it in miranda's PO we need paint–can andrew, josh becca: duv, costume room, upspace, dr1, dr2 ivanna: in space ada: props, help with things ezra:furniture evan: chairs and plats brianna: dressing rooms and upspace devon: chairs, plats, paint abby: paint marielle: learn duv, chairs, plats, paint luke: electrics, scaffolding jenn: BO and swittching with brianna marty: shop josh: paint room andrew: shop, #TODO shop people clean sawdust, tis a fire hazard raphae: upstairs, whateva she wants #TODO abby FIND A PASSOVER OPTION!!!! that is not pizza BLACK COMEDY #TODO ezra email jason , arrive at strike @ 10:45pm what to do with receipts? give to financial officers #TODO ezra, tell them: people cannot be reimbursed after FINALS, give receipts ASAP will get keys a week from tomorrow WITs strikes itself! want to get in to do shit with light plot, they got in touch with miranda andrew: EP/PM get receipts ASAP UPTHINGS: #TODO ezra make facebook event for lottery #TODO everyone, invite friends to upspace event on facebook for lottery! NITUS-doing their thing, will get in touch with us when they need us, they know we're here for em! we promised to produce this show, we need to take a hands-on approach to our support NITUS: week of programming started a couple years ago, around nudity, disource around race/gender/sexuality, pw board believes its incredibly valuable, had interaciton with them earlier in year, they didn't get lottery and aksed for a week in the space, for many reason, we decided to go forward with their request and give them a week in the space, you have to work with us, open your organization so it is totally open to community and has public component, as part of their process they should take applications open to anyone, rather than cherrypicking their team 
 GRANTS miranda is reminded that she can apply for grants new works and open jar will revisit evan's application #TODO evan email open jar with request new works: ( $2,000 per year) open jar: ($450 per semester, upspace only, gets filled up when jar is empty) mess with the audience: ($200 a semester) #TODO becca put grants in email FINANCE$ budget approved wahoooo! $7,000 per semester NEVERLAND ISSUE FIXED! brian gave us some cash! plats probably won't be here for black comedy but will be ordered for this semester #TODO fletch and becca reimburse yourself #TODO find a car AND TAKE THE CAULDRON DOWNTOWN 
 SPACE MAINTENANCE:  we have MARQUIS! #TODO luke, light? #TODO ada, instagram dat shit MF clean the hallways please! SAFETY “only safe if hillary wins”-josh WITS would it be possible for Miranda to get PO for paint? buying paint from home depot or the paint shop–>store must fill out supply registration form–> paint shop is registered #TODO ada look out for PO email from miranda trying to wrangle team, fuzzier at seams than I want, tuesday, me and sam KM, if anyone wants to be a part of painting, #TODO board members tentatively reach out to painter friends, #TODO marty and liesl wait for miranda to send info for facebook group opening is next monday (5/2) must assign house managers for opening two facebook events, one for opening, one for community paint day (saturday, 4/30) OOB asked to use upspace for their show on saturday? up to miranda! #TODO ada– can help with posters, get design to us by this tuesday ALUMNI WIZARDS sam kusnetz qlab, got qlab stickers! it was GREAT to hear from sam, super interesting SOCIAL MEDIA/ COMMUNITY OUTREACH #TODO email put marquis in! FALL AT PW scripts and apps are in! #TODO fletch and ada meet to talk about running meeting and shit, ten minute interviews! we will have to be more pointed in questions, don't ask as many follow ups we're on track! #TODO everyone, read proposals, read plays, come with roses and thorns conflicts: luke: joohwan trying to get back to campus, he will skype #TODO, everyone read over state of pw and read responses #TODO jenn, bump responses SCHEDULING fill out schedule scheduling convo: devon: jobs bobs: 16th in the evening 6:00-7:30pm workday: offer up may 14th or 16th to MF visions: maybe saturday 5/7??(may possibly be shorter, as this conversation is more integrated into our regular meetings) who wants to lead it? does it have to be led? yeah, it's the person who schedules the whole thing, devon wants to do it! yay devon! #TODO devon either figure out platform to schedule, could do whentomeet SOCIAL MEDIA/COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT: distribute stickers @ strike #INSTA-ADA EMAIL: WITS-painters, times Marquis lottery-facebeook group NITUS strike, if sent in time 
 
 BUSINESS:   devon: jason vu emailed pw email, would want to start months before performance, propose for next semester marielle: before we do decision meeting, would love to have a breakdown, what new members is, will be in email that meeting runners will be sending out, first decision meeting, new mems don't vote, but can contribute as much as they want marielle: people prefer MF's interviews, PW interviews are too fast, formal, we get more proposals, MF, long, casual interview, interviews aren't as effective as they could be luke: don't summarize what people have said, MF contacted me about putting MF pix in hallway, we should do this as part of workday or renish job? we have better use for bodies during workday strike tuesday, 10:30pm, cameron will lead speakers can be left up fletch: plats, chairs, booths liz: paint, we need black paint, put it in miranda's PO we need paint–can andrew, josh becca: duv, costume room, upspace, dr1, dr2 ivanna: in space ada: props, help with things ezra:furniture evan: chairs and plats brianna: dressing rooms and upspace devon: chairs, plats, paint abby: paint marielle: learn duv, chairs, plats, paint luke: electrics, scaffolding jenn: BO and swittching with brianna marty: shop josh: paint room andrew: shop, #TODO shop people clean sawdust, tis a fire hazard raphae: upstairs, whateva she wants #TODO abby FIND A PASSOVER OPTION!!!! that is not pizza minutes/16april25.txt · Last modified: 2016/05/03 14:15 by fbell"
15feb22,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes, 22 February 2015 
 HERE: Spencer R.-R. (visiting), Devon N., Ben Ch., Andrew G.A.N.E.M., Nika S. (visiting), Paige V., Ada D.-Z., Cameron N. (visiting), Ben H. (visiting), Simon H. [minutes-taker], Liz O., Jenn, Becca, Ben S., Austin D., Celeste C., Liesl (visiting), Keston M., Skylar F., Dylan C. P. (visiting) 
 THORNS: no time to [sigh noise]; really stressful to have Fletcher do the show; have to write a paper; two load-ins in the next two days; midterm tomorrow (lolz) and have to memorize a monologue; very nervous about tech week; don't like reading science; one of my boots is fucked up; have to write a paper 2nite; literally about to get fucked so hard…by all this work; saw ten seconds of Spring Awakening and I wish I could be in it; older brother bailed on John Mulaney; midterm unstudied; -; worked a lot but didn't get much done; all residents have crises; don't care about things I should care about; hungry; beyond exhausted and shit to do; death 
 ROSES: enjoyed decision meeting; Fletcher could do the show tonight; got a Brown Admirers; two load-ins in the next two days; one year since picked to direct first show and now working on third! she's on a rolllll; BOLT and people have been treating me well; like reading literature; the other boot is okay; I look really hot in this show; like wow I am about to get this amazing opportunity; QNW moves in on Tuesday; people responding well to performance in Leo Baum; got a lot of homework done today; -; decisionmeetngwsgd; love residents; excited to get things over with; got award for Mock Trial; good day AND NIGHT; tech went well and figuring out hands BERNARDA ALBA IN THE HOUSE negotiated Quitters rehearsal vs. BA perfs BA will get Downspace light board on Tuesday we have not heard from CAC yet 
 #TODO: Austin, talk to Sam about adding stairs to plats going to get in touch with BDH and Blog lights will coordinate sound stuff is figured out Austin has communicated Stephanie's set modifications to Sam 
 UPSPACETWITS is here now, strike Monday Andrew is Spencer's liaison Quitters Never Win monitors Wednesday 8pm: Ada Thursday 8pm: Andrew Friday 6pm: Becca Friday 10pm: Ben C. GRAAAANTS!! Celeste took Fletcher's line of “god damn it” New Works gave money to Isabel Diawara's show in the Crystal Room (for publicity) and QNW (for set) Open Jar has not given money recently SUNDAY SHOWS nothing new TWITS strike: props and furniture will move right after the show board will do plats later keeping four 10” plats for QNW FOUR COLORED GIRLS hopes to start auditioning at the end of this week (Fri, Sat, NOT Sun) need SM, PM, SD Celeste and Jenn are EPs and are there for your questions, Nika! FINANCE$ “I love Andrew.” -Austin Draycott Andrew is meeting with our UFB rep this week going to try to work out some exceptions since we operate differently than other student groups 
 #TODO: Ben S., get Andrew the Wonderland reimbursements as ASAP as possible if you think you need money for your rooms next year, let finance peeps know “teat” -Ben Chesler 
 SPACE MAINTENANCE:  Ben and Austin have been talking to facilities, EHS, Joie, etc. about flooding upspace booth there's mildew in the hot room, women's bathroom, hallway…gross traction is gaining but PW is not Brown's top priority Quitters, don't put anything in the booth we need to let people know about mildew and mold! it's the thing EHS is most concerned with 
 #TODO: Simon, put a sign on the women's bathroom door SAFETY ? i think we are ARCHIVES “have you had your workday yet?” “no” “we have a weekly meeting time set and […] we're gonna start meeting at that time” PUBLICITY FCG auditions FCG PM, SM, SD push Quitters 
 #TODO: Austin, make e-announcement of the season 
 #TODO: Simon H. Silver, change silver box 
 BUSINESS we can't do February fundraising, might happen in the summer we need three more softball players Skylar might be down Austin wants to play indoor soccer let's talk new mems! schmooze March 4th apps due March 11th decision meeting March 15th S&B decision meeting is also FCG dry tech can start tech after meeting, or break it into chunks Nika can rehearse WHENEVER THA FUCK SHE WANTS! upspace dimmers aren't labeled because they're fluid Dylan can put BA costumes in DR2 workday—offering MF May 10-12 #VISIONS - negotiated Quitters rehearsal vs. BA perfs BA will get Downspace light board on Tuesday we have not heard from CAC yet 
 #TODO: Austin, talk to Sam about adding stairs to plats going to get in touch with BDH and Blog lights will coordinate sound stuff is figured out Austin has communicated Stephanie's set modifications to Sam minutes/15feb22.txt · Last modified: 2015/02/28 10:49 by shenriques"
16april10,OK," PWiki (un-stylized) 
 ROSES: mac demarco; last week in puppetry our sub was the guy who runs big nazo and he said he did lots of pw stuff and he designed equus; Connie Crawford, Mr. Burns is a good thing; Liz’s future profile picture, yay theater and pwom; baby; first pwom, life is beautiful; 11 pm for sotg was a gag show and was SO FUN; friends from home visited, saw Zadie Smith this week and she really impacted me; got a summer job and it relates to my future career goals; mf meeting; excited to be here and have donuts AND ice cream; elise’s cousins who asked everyone for autographs; lot of fun things to do; when you take a step back from your life and it makes sense; two shows I worked on opened and closed this weekend; grandpa’s birthday Friday; 
 THORNS: mental health is the most consuming of all; everything I had to do I didn’t do and now OHNO!; pw is going to destroy me before I graduate; no idea how to write this paper; voice cracking; marielle tried to uber to donuts, trying to be responsible human but I’m not; had to miss pwom and was just sitting in the dark during it; I love these pants and then realized the zipper is broken; people commenting on stupid shit that they don’t know what they’re talking about just shut your fucking mouth; guy I liked when I was 12 got engaged; woke up and throat hurt; graduating soon; lot of not fun things to do; have an entire IRB research protocol, back bike tire almost completely flat; I stupidly accepted to start rehearsal Monday so NO TIME; lots of work to do today because I did none, been an icky week, most of my fave clothes are dirty. THE FLICK- - Naiyah isn’t here - It opened, really positive reactions, everyone should see this - Not many fixtures in grid, but all the cabling left from tallgrass. - Take of carpet, take of sheeting, return four chairs, figure out where to put our chairs, back wall painted. Would recommend that we leave the tallest plat for painting purposes - Strike jobs! o Josh- start with overseeing set, paint room clean out o Marty- lead o Liz- paint in space things o Ivanna- help Jenn in BO o Evan- dressing rooms, costumes, upspace o Ezra- set up grey scaff, furniture, o Raphae- BO, help paint o Adas- props and booth o Fletcher- chairs and plats o Devon- chairs/plats o Becca- Duv o Liesl- scaff/lights o Jenn- with ants in BO o Andrew- shop o Luke- scaff, IN electrics o Marielle- start upstairs, then downstairs o Abby- plats/chairs - MF board we just say “MF board” - Strike @ 11:15, come in thru the back door and wait upstairs - HM fire safety forms, BO person or individual HMs Black Comedy - sent out audition monitoring form - #TODO- sign up - #TODO- EPs tell Jason to come Upthings - Talking to Keston and his group about cypher dates - NITUS is a month away- #TODO put on next agenda - Lottery for the other two days? Not the worst thing to have a dark day? Is split up, lotteried as singles, if together then it is pair. - #TODO- Fletcher lottery Fall @ PW - Ada, Fletch, Marty going to run it! Ideally the outcome will be to take notes and then draft up a statement that we can release to public which is like why we are excited about what we picked! - Posting past proposals on downspace wall? Table for visions. - Devon and Abby- Anh, will get us a draft today. Asked to see 11A proposal, sent to him. - Jenn and Ivanna- Ryan- didn’t get rights for the show so thinking if there’s another show but not proposing until they find another show - Luke and Marielle- Joohwan- trying to get draft, still just December - Josh- rights- send plays!! Have rights for everything so far but Ryan’s - Liz- Raphae- The Wolves- October and December. - Need to solicit more proposals - #TODO- Jenn make google doc about publicity - Schmooze is Wednesday - Reach out to people who have proposed before (being sure we’ve given them feedback) #TODO- Ada send individual emails - Joohwan- green book isn’t updated? Maybe have people fill out the green book at the schmooze? - #TODO- put schmooze info into the green book - Proposal questions got updated last year, 10 pages or under seems good. GRAAANTS- - no new apps - Miranda is going to apply as she’s filming the mural project and project it around campus. Apply to new works! Finances- - Donna is hopefully trying to push through the doctored doc Ada invented for plats - Made $480 at PWOM!! - Can we take $ for alc for PWOM from karma? 
 SPACE MAINTENANCE: - - painting upspace during strike and mop - still some ribbon from balloons on grid - gender neutral signs going back up on bathrooms - should we start thinking about the Marquee? May 3rd?? SAFETY- - WE ARE SAFE - Santucci trusts us!! - Carousel ground plans Social Media/Community Engagement- - proposals- Jenn’s google doc WITS- - Liesl met with Miranda, she’s still looking for more $ and artists - Tell her to come to the schmooze? - Should she have a GM who comes to meetings? Either a GM or her! - She has time to make this lovely! Alum Wizards - Sam on the 23rd- Devon making FB event Email- - schmooze - -flick - -strike - propose - alum wizard - audition for black comedy Business- - write in the spatial record of PW - do Liz’s capstone!! What is we did a PWalk? - Tank tops arrive Wednesday - Stickers have been ordered! - Visions- what gets said here and what gets tabled? - Diego feels blessed to be introduced to this magical space! - Found numbers for fun publicity event! Jenn will continue to investigate - How do we communicate to know if people are in the space? Would have to reach out to the show and working with the group that has the space at that moment. minutes/16april10.txt · Last modified: 2016/04/17 18:54 by fbell"
16mar13,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes, March 13th, 2016 
 HERE: Fletcher; Jonathan (visiting); Liesl; Liz; Ada; Devon; Jenn; Raphae; Ezra; Becca; Jenn; Luke; Marty; Marielle (visiting); Kayla (visiting) 
 THORNS: i'm so tired and i have such a long, long day ahead of me and I'm dreading it; probably going to pull an all-nighter tonight; my head really hurts and tap dancers are loud; scheduling things is real hard and i don't how it's gonna happen; less than 100 days until graduation; nothing specific things are pretty good; it is impossible to express how little homework i did last week; forgot to take my allergy medicine; jenn has a concussion;party at my house was really fun but made me have an existential crisis; i'm very smelly; i'm not utilizing mornings the way that i do at the beginning of semester; Can’t handle when people aren’t direct and honest; my skin is revolting against me! housing cliché but true); exam right after this meeting and another one at 8 am 
 ROSES: my sister threw bday party in my house last night and it was sooooooo cute; [married charlotte senders last night]; great weekend tallgrass opening; i've done a lot of nothing; saw tallgrass and midsummer and was really into it; great weekend, getting closure; free ice cream and friends; album harvest by neil young, had a great intview for a job; formed a band last week, speakeasy went really well, talented musicians; fluffy bunnies; fletcher and i didn't coordinate and now we're matching; “i want to get to know you” my friends dad came and i totally hit it off with him in a middle-aged white guy way; New experiences, now I’m feeling really bold today, Barcelona app finished; doing well financially because I’m working a lot TALLGRASS: three wonderful shows strike: the flick: stacie wants to leave stage plats in the space seats for the flick are at ada's house; very heavy–at the end of strike when there are very little jobs, standing-around-people can carry chairs we need to paint stage plats fletcher: booths, plats raphae: BO or upstairs ada: props, help out downstairs ezra: furniture room, plats liesl: scaffolding, lights and electrics liz: cyc, team 'fabrics in the sky' becca: costumes, dr1, dr2 marty: lead luke: scaffolding, electrics missing–> take down fixtures, then do cable runs cameron: scaffolding, shop devon: chairs and plats evan: plats andrew: set board: be here at 9:45pm let's start at 10, when flick gets here and tallgrass is done with check-in THE LICK #TODO ada and liz EPing–go into rehearsal on tuesday #TODO EP's email, we need to do jackets for sam and anna stacy PW EMAIL: ASM for the flick UPFEST/
 UPSPACEmicrophones? how many will we need? marty has one. get feedback from performers and audience members–should we give a survey after show? #TODO Ada put schedule for upfest on website some groups have made fb events! wahoo!!! encourage your groups to do the same–start linking to events in master group #TODO luke make survey HMs bring laptop or phone so you can add emails to a doc that will be used to send survey do we wanna do a pizza party at the end of the fest? yiisssssssss #TODO becca assign hm's via email (we'll do this on a separate email #TODO board members invite people to upfest event NEW MEMS luke: brianna, gonna apply, we're gonna meet jenn: ivanna, waiting on a draft raphae: rachel, reading her app to go over it becca: expecting draft from marielle liesl: duncan, very busy, will send draft by marty: matt, he's still applying andrew: met with erin, her is her new mom cameron: working with kayla, devon: met with abby, sent me a draft, second reading to ___?? ezra: noah, will get app soon #TODO board, reach out to people still, personal emails 
 GRANTS open jar: we have $370 left, didn't give open jar to any other groups, meeting to discuss evan's devising project afterwards argument against use of raised funds, board didn't pre-approve materials purchased at those prices. those materials that we did not own already could have been purchased at lower prices. was there a performance component to this project? if won't be viable for open jar. #TODO EMAIL becca, put fuck with the audience in the email FINANCE$ antig rights folks haven't filled out supply registration form–ada is in touch with them brenda hopgood from wanger (WHAT IS THE NAME OF THIS COMPANY?), also filling out supply request form plats will be ordered this week!! luke bought stuff for shop, its in the shop!! allen WRENCHES! 
 SPACE MAINTENANCE:  #TODO raphae buy laundry detergent and paper towels (have you bought these, raph?) luke–can people stay after the meeting for painting? yes! upstairs bathrooms- #TODO luke, put up gender neutral signs luke talked to electrician, if you trip the breaker that does outlets in the downspace, call facilities, we aren't responsible purchase paint cleaner?? SAFETY SAFE!!!$$$$!!!! WITS NITUS is applying if you are buddying, make sure you can come to decision meeting, thursday before ALUMNI WIZARDS rebecca rouse–part of upfest, coming on the 20th, sunday at 2:00pm #TODO devon buy meeting street cookies for meeting SOCIAL MEDIA/ COMMUNITY OUTREACH #TODO ada post on insta any of these thangs #TODO boost new mems #TODO boost upfest #TODO posters!!!! #TODO everyone sign up in jenn's doc put them on podiums in lectures rooms! #TODO raphae bump sign-up sheet EMAIL: the flick: ASM WITs NEW MEMS UPFEST–events for this week STRIKE alumni wizards 
 
 BUSINESS:   minutes/16mar13.txt · Last modified: 2016/03/22 12:44 by rmillstein"
14nov02,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes, 2 November 2014 All these new friends! All these new friends. 
 HERE: Becca, Celeste, Austin, Fletcher, Ada, Cameron (visiting—new mems), Evan, Emily (visiting—new mems), Ben (visiting—new mems), Anna (visiting—Broken Zipper), Marty, Sam (visiting—new director!), Liz, Simon [minutes-taker], Skylar, Dario (visiting—friend) 
 THORNS: don't feel like I got an extra hour; ineffective communication; everything is happening; literally(?) fucked with homework & kitchen is gross; planning my day around limiting outdoor exposure; being right; woke up to stinkbug in bed; too too much always and forever; weather is bad and may switch over to winter jacket (metallic zipper get real cold and touches my mouth when I walk); feel crazy because I took a lot of Adderall and did a lot of work; didn't make a dent in all the work I have to do; hard to pick a rose; forgot there was a PW meeting; burned tongue; never had more work than this weekend; friend's ex-boyfriend is being a dick 
 ROSES: party within a party is better than a play within a play; Nightmare Before Christmas; snowing; really fun party and Communists downstairs and everyone was nice; get to postpone work to plan fun thing that is going to happen; -; dream that I have a pet albino mouse; saw Birdman which was dope-money-fresh; Fletcher's outfit; Liz Oakley and Trader Joe's turkey corndogs, in that order; really productive yesterday and read 100 pages; amorphous blob of awesome things that happened this weekend; paid $100 to fuck with people I didn't know & saw Birdman and Patrick wiped my little tears & new Improvidence members; slept for 15 hours straight; Dario is here; came here for Halloween WELCOME NEW DIRECTORS we gave them the jackets! awwwww BROKEN ZIPPER callbacks are today SD has been off the grid since being put on proposal thinking about New Works gra[aaaaaaaaaaaa]nt Nick Healy is now both SD and TD 
 UPSPACEJesse W. is doing Chest Day week after Cabaret Marty is his buddy he wants to get shop trained, he will email Austin they need to leave $25 in the budget for black paint we should bring chairs up here at Cabaret strike up next: Celeste is liaising CJ (week before Thanksgiving half-week) Emma can't do anything during finals but she can have her $25 publicity budget to use elsewhere SUNDAY SHOWS 
 #TODO: Skylar, email Marty about Sunday shows new potential show: “Marty Writes Music For Fletcher To Dance To” 250TH WIZARDS are you kidding 
 GRANTS Broken Zipper will apply to New Works (as mentioned above!) Jesse, CJ will probably apply to Open Jar 
 #TODO: Becca, check to see if Open Jar is only for things by lottery 
 FINANCESwe made a lot of money (~$800) from Monster Ball we have some leftover liquor; Austin and Ben will buy it from PW 
 SPACE MAINTENANCE:  GMCS is happy with us (even though someone was……ARRESTED!?!) if you leave a shift, you need to get someone to cover you or text a party monitor everyone should pitch in to clean up! we need to take the gaffe tape off of the grid TIPS bartenders are a good thing fundraiser…or FUNraiser? costume contest next year? or costume documenting? piano curtain can be rehung SAFETY Austin is doing a safety thing Tuesday 9am for Cabaret don't come! spectral cleanse we should have a new rack, but no rack is better than old rack ARCHIVES we need Song and 3c2c pictures 
 #TODO: Marty, put poster up in the box office and give a program to Celeste & Liz STRIKE DEBRIEF: 3C2C if MF wants to lead strike, they need to make more of an effort Grant said they would show up to our meeting for strike jobs and they didn't to be fair, it was a Saturday meeting—was there communication? MF is a producing board, we are the group that actually runs the space strike is the highest-risk thing we do; we are liable if something goes wrong MF can introduce themselves, but we should probably lead the actual strike 
 #TODO: Skylar, email Grant to communicate this MF board should still be informed about what is happening at strike what about an MF shadow to PW strike leader? PUBLICITY Evan put Monster Ball in Morning Mail and it was very very good #institutionalmemory let's use MM forever and always publicize Blue Room auditions NEW MEMS 
 #TODO: Becca, try to reserve chandelier room (JWW 501) 
 BUSINESS pw has a Vine (@brownpw) https://vine.co/u/942318667826397184 someone will have to take over Marty's jobs (website, piano man) when he goes abroad MF is doing plats on Tuesday and they have a schmooze in the Upspace on Wednesday Celeste is the PW plats representative Marty and Celeste are crashing schmooze and applying to MF Becca will not be at Cabaret strike; she will show someone how to take the [ragtag] set apart #VISIONS nothing this week we gave them the jackets! awwwww minutes/14nov02.txt · Last modified: 2014/11/02 12:07 by shenriques"
16mar20,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes, March 20th, 2016 
 HERE: Fletcher; Andrew; Becca; Liz; Celeste; Evan; Ada; Raphe; Will (visiting); Luke; Liesl; Cameron; Devon; Stacey (visiting); Sam (visiting); Corey (visiting); Josh; Marty 
 THORNS: So many people I know are in relationships or are starting relationships: a) gross b) especially gross cuz they all don’t want to be in relationships now that I’ve heard there’s snow coming: snow coming singlehandedly planning a spring break trip and we have NOTHING and ice balloon dodge ball when you’re moving through life and things shoot at you and weigh you down and then you’re like “wait, they’re not real”: in terms of memories and things my urine smelled very very bad this morning until fletcher arrived no one wanted to sit with me and celeste celeste cahn is a demon and she keep coming to my house even though i keep putting a cross above the door, stop coming; i don't know how to take care of myself or be awake or functioning, had a horrible dream that we were all in the downspace and DPS came in and was like, 'this is nice but the university decided you don't need this space anymore' and we screamed at this woman and i was crying; i asked someone out on a date that i didn't realize has a boyfriend; i'm really tied, didn't get a bunch of sleep many nights in a row; phone charger broke, expectations not coming through; lack of productivity; get stressed about not being productive so i have to relax and not to anything; aggressive drivers; worsening finance; and thus i am late 
 ROSES: reconnecting with old friends; the future is so bright and luke is amazing; celeste cahn, the devil; i ended up having a super quiet night, caught super drunk tailend of super drunk party; spring break is coming, feeling really proud and happy to be part of this group of people; good sleep; got up today; back comedy is starting; i got a lot of sleep Basically banking on having a snow day tomorrow Possible snow day; gonna be a good day I love pw I saw a wild turkey! Eating delicious bacon…also, being here my thighs feel strong cuz I went on a run and it strengthened them Margaret is ~amazing~ I had a really fun night last night THE QUICK moving chairs from ada's house to PW at 12:30pm, would love help, the more help, the better upfest conflicted pretty heavily with upfest; give credit for how compromising sam has been with upfest UPFEST/
 UPSPACE#TODO becca reach out to shades of brown and see if they can do6-7pm or 10-11pm or 9:45pm keston is going to move the cypher until after spring break–could we give him a sunday show? #TODO fletcher check schedule for a day for a cypher show 
 GRANTS open jar: gave evan's project $60-now $310 #TODO josh send 'fuck with the audience' guidelines #TODO EMAIL becca, put fuck with the audience in the email FINANCE$ andrew submitted budget last night at 4AM met with UFB rep, Kayla, we didn't spend all our money last semester, that we asked for. for institutional knowledge, they HATE when you don't spend the money they give you. we get this money we should spend all of it. we will hear back april 12th! ezra wants to buy a mop! supplies-wise: we should buy our supplies at the beginning o semester, buy what your room needs, fully stock it. including the booths, sm box, first aid kit. #TODO ada send letter to andrew Mia hasn't been reimbursed for TWITs, submitted her receipts, #TODO luke submit tallgrass receipts and his own shit. #TODO Luke evan for super secret and joshs paint–did some receipts fall out? ada will talk to donna #TODO josh maybe go get receipts, stay in touch with ada plats: ada received PO, brenda hobgood told ada to call her back monday, the company filled out supply registration form we have a shit ton of publicity money- STICKERS!!!!! #TODO raphae design stickers, use budget to buy nice posters!! SPACE MAINTENANCE let's buy soap, tell shows to buy new rollers and paintbrushes. #TODO luke, put it in the show packet that shows need to buy brushes and paint supplies WE NEED TO SWEEP FLOOR BEFORE WE PAINT IT! AND TELL PEOPLE THAT THEY MUST DO SO. paint upstairs walls??? manifesto!?!? OF THE OOPSPACE! marquis: celeste and austin will put it up in may, not during WITs or downspace show– may 7th-8th or may 14th-15th, hardware is in the sound pile SAFETY someone from SOTG, wants to use our shop to build some tables, wants to be shop trained, not super comfortable letting a non-pw person using our shop for non-pw things because we end up being liable for it we want to support them but don't want anything bad to happen #TODO josh, tell SOTG should reach out to alex at john street because he shop trained a bunch of people and maybe one of them can help out! also don't want them building while flick is happening WITS buddy check-in: devon: miranda, is there a midnight extension? yes! haven't met, is working luke: emma davis, doing a devised piece based on peoples dreams, she'll have it in on time ada: joey, are in touch evan: jonathan, sound light, movement #TODO advertise this shit. #TODO liesl book a room on main campus for meeting on thursday 3. 24. 16 from 12:00-1:00 IT WAS CHOSEN: MIRANDA! ALUMNI WIZARDS rebecca rouse–today at 2pm!!! advertise on facbeook right now!! jenny and andrew will be coming during commencement sam kuzntez SOCIAL MEDIA/ COMMUNITY OUTREACH morning mail–raphae #TODO raphae put upfest pictures on facebook we are up to date on fb photos? #TODO raphae fix your morning mail problem to get the upfest in there!! PWOM!! (see below) PWOM: saturday! april 9th. fletcher will go get liquor license 
 #TODO: andrew to email joie/do bearsync josh: think we should do a video of pwomprosals theme: presidential pwom? lincoln? find your marry todd? liz what if we put our prom bodies with other people's heads? or put presidential candidates on our prom bodies? 
 #TODO: luke pwom photos 
 #TODO: evan pwom unifying poster not buying beer EMAIL: pwom april 9th upfest link to minutes tank tops for spring weekend! 
 
 BUSINESS:   corey, brendan and will trying to start a greek organization thingy, support public and student art, provide forum for artists of all kinds to get together-what would they be looking for from PW? a liason from the board, base partnership, operating as an unrecognized organization, be a group to reach out to, extra hands, extra funding, they want support, promotion, help cultivate projects, gives resources for things to get them done; need to set a date for proposals. meeting is set for saturday april 30th as of now. wednesday april 20th is 1.5 weeks before that. what if we pushed to the 22nd because spring weekend is the weekend before? still gives us 8 days do we want to actively encourage playwrights of other identities? maybe it's something that happens when we meet with our buddies? are we uncomfortable asking people to direct a show that they aren't as passionate about. let's be up front about it and really encourage people to propose. when doing state of pw, we had pretty pointed ideas. open statement of intent may attract people who wouldn't propose otherwise. need to phrase it as actively seeking proposals from previously/historically under-represented groups. talking with buddies to be sure they acknowledge where this fits in terms of their identity and the show that they are working on/wanting to bring to pw. don't want people putting time into proposals that are “unpassable” from the get-go. have section in the fb event, as well as maybe on other publicity? we need to define what actively seeking looks like. send emails to relevant resources. listservs! easy to access by emailing the dept. contact. what about plays that aren't explicitly designated by race/casting. if we say we want plays that deal w/ issues of race maybe we won't get plays that have that openness. playwrights/proposers of identities that have been historically not present in pw. have to be sensitive from the start. continuing in visions. in no world will everyone be happy, but taking active steps to tell these stories and show the community we are looking for them is better than nothing at all. celeste wants a tank top. kathy wants her wire body. it was in props and then it got thrown away… if you want things you need to get them at strike for that show. form a committee on new new mems planning/reforming questions: #TODO ada, cameron renish: andrew and luke. marty sending email to them. mia rollins left some clothing items at twits. can someone let her in this week? luke will try to take care of this tuesday! liz thinks we should have a picnic in india point park for all! buy some snacks. AND liz thinks we should buy a picnic table for outside. raphae agrees. jonathan adam wants to know about wits strike: like twits. moving chairs from ada's house to PW at 12:30pm, would love help, the more help, the better upfest conflicted pretty heavily with upfest; give credit for how compromising sam has been with upfest minutes/16mar20.txt · Last modified: 2016/04/03 17:51 by fbell"
14oct13,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes, 13 October 2014 Long weekend. Long meeting. Long faces. Longing. 
 HERE: Paige, Marty, Celeste, Evan, Ben, Fletcher, Skylar, Liz, Simon [minutes-taker], Keston, Austin 
 THORNS: sickness; hit in the face with a wet towel & needs vs. wants; cheese and how it makes me feel; all day in the SunLab and not much to show for it; metabolism a-slowin'? & had a bad nightmare; unimportant shit to do & general malaise; weekend was a piece of shit; hard to be creative; haven't slept and sick; baseball season almost over :( :( :(; ate a fried Oreo; dick cops (possibly racial?!) and ebola nightmare 
 ROSES: David Fincher; lots of fun today and this weekend and someone told me my shoes were “fly”; the night sky, being alone in the woods, made really good pumpkin bread (extra cinnamon); we are happy; shot a film and made a noise with Jack; figured out first few moments of Heist Play and owe lemon squares; Pronk w/ Celeste and hung out at a Dunkin' Donuts in Cranston; performance theory performance; Song looks bomb; hanging out with grandma <3 <3 <3; ate a fried Oreo; great birthday weekend SONG 4 A FUTURE GENITALWARTS would be nice to have more keys was annoying to paint the floor black HOUSE MANAGERS: Friday 8pm: Becca, Fletcher Saturday 6pm: Keston, maybe Paige Saturday 10pm: Simon, Liz Sunday 8pm: Ben, Celeste Monday 8pm: Marty plats are Wednesday 11pm talkin bout board support we should help shows as much as we are able—difference between what we cannot do and what we don't want to do butttt help shouldn't be expected. shows should be self-sufficient and any help we can provide is extra what is a tactful way of saying “this is what we don't do”? don't want to be too negative board helping shows used to be common. As we've expanded our goals outside of our seven downspace shows, we've reduced our ability to help (which has in turn affected the types of shows we pick, which has in turn affected the type of shows that get proposed) !!!designer handbook [or succinct page] would be very helpful!!! 
 #TODO: Josh, are you still interested in working on this? also designers included in show packet meeting? talking to people and asking questions (“talk me through your plans for this”) is invaluable too 
 #TODO: Skylar, figure out whether or not we can legally prevent someone from attending a show 
 UPSPACEwe have a new season! LIAISONS: Oct 28-30 (Noah Usher): Ben Nov 11-15 (Jesse Weil): Marty MONSTER BALL Ben is working on liquor license stuff event is registered email Skylar if you want specific jobs party runs 11-2, bar closes at 1 Evan and Liz are running publicity 3C2C showtimes: Friday 6, Saturday 6/11, Sunday 8, Monday 8 we will set up lights for that at Song strike SUNDAY SHOWS Pei Ling wants one, she has been added to the list 
 #TODO: Marty, forward Skylar the Taiko contact info GRANANTNANGGGRRNANTNAGR nothing new upspace shows will probably apply for them 
 FINANCESnah bro 
 SPACE MAINTENANCE:  clean up your food at next workday we should take spiderwebs out of lights? WINTER@PW proposers are mostly on track how do we feel about non-written proposals? if she wants to, why not ARCHIVES upspace archives exist, so upspace liaisons tell your folks to take photos and send to Keston 
 BUSINESS soccer is fun it actually feels really good we need to update calendar people should come to meetings Song wants the scaffolding down at plats Paige is taking a leave we will also take the chairs down at plats we don't have to be STRESSED OUT all the time!!! SOTG is paying for the duv #VISIONS none would be nice to have more keys was annoying to paint the floor black HOUSE MANAGERS: Friday 8pm: Becca, Fletcher Saturday 6pm: Keston, maybe Paige Saturday 10pm: Simon, Liz Sunday 8pm: Ben, Celeste Monday 8pm: Marty plats are Wednesday 11pm talkin bout board support we should help shows as much as we are able—difference between what we cannot do and what we don't want to do butttt help shouldn't be expected. shows should be self-sufficient and any help we can provide is extra what is a tactful way of saying “this is what we don't do”? don't want to be too negative board helping shows used to be common. As we've expanded our goals outside of our seven downspace shows, we've reduced our ability to help (which has in turn affected the types of shows we pick, which has in turn affected the type of shows that get proposed) !!!designer handbook [or succinct page] would be very helpful!!! 
 #TODO: Josh, are you still interested in working on this? also designers included in show packet meeting? talking to people and asking questions (“talk me through your plans for this”) is invaluable too 
 #TODO: Skylar, figure out whether or not we can legally prevent someone from attending a show minutes/14oct13.txt · Last modified: 2014/10/14 00:30 by shenriques"
14sep01,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes, 1 September 2014 The first meeting of the 2014-2015 school year. Rife with possibility. We sit, breath bated, cramped in a stuffy box office. But the heat of the room cowers in the face of the heat of our passion. Ideas are shared, stories told. We are here. We are ready. We begin. 
 HERE: Marty, Josh, Paige, Celeste, Evan, Keston, Liz, Skylar, Fletcher, Jenn (visiting—Almost, Maine), Dylan (visiting—Song), Simon [minutes-taker] 
 THORNS: unnecessary rudeness; suitemates; fuck orientation + EMSed a resident; existential crisis for the next year; don't know a lot of things; hole in shorts; nice now life ends soon; being anxious; humidity; best friend is abroad; I missed Jenn's thorn (sorry Jenn); it is so hot in this room 
 ROSES: Uncle Marty!; Indian food; residents; living in a house; seeing everyone and being back; “everything is great and perfect and wonderful”; life is nice for right now; living off campus and Heineken earrings; lots of nice things and cool things; Phaedrus is alive; I also missed Jenn's rose but Jenn's hair looks great despite the humidity—you go girl; finished cleaning room 
 ALMOST MAINEcast is gelling, rehearsals are fun and smooth so far one actor is dropping out due to personal issues; their roles have been recast within the existing cast no more AD but it is okay they bought a thing at a yard sale (receiptless) but it's chill SONG 4 A FUTURE JENN MALEY Dylan and Grant are in conversation, everything is peachy budget is looking good, PW's $750 might cover everything Audie Fierberg is making lobster claws (cool!) we need to confirm audition dates against Hype Hero auditions 
 UPSPACEMarcus is in there right now! as we speak! the call is coming from inside the Upspace! the kiddy pool is being emptied every night (by various people) where is the tarp? tarps are cheap, maybe just buy a new one 
 #TODO: everyone, promote Utopia HMs are being figured out; Marcus would like them in the box office for ticketing let's figure out liaisons for the next couple Upspace shows Ben is liaising “Going Somewhere” (Isabel Diawara) Skylar and Marty are liaising Nudity pt. 3 (Sam K-M and Cherise Morris) ACTIVITIES FAIR it is Thursday from 7-10; people should go and hang out 
 #TODO: Evan, make a fun slip include directions, “come to our weekly meetings,” upcoming shows, audition/work on a show 
 #TODO: Liz, send out a signup sheet to make sure there are always people there THEATRE ORIENTATION/BREAKFAST brunch on Saturday the 6th at noon in the Downspace Liz will buy bagels and cream cheese let's all do the dance! it is really fun and ideologically sound Evan's slip for the activities fair will also be distributed here we will use Airzookas in our presentation SUNDAY SHOWS A note from the secretary—looking at the minutes from the last meeting of last year, we said the Poler Bears would get the first choice of all Sunday Shows. It didn't look like there was opposition. Let's do this maybe. Also from those minutes, we floated the idea of inviting groups for specific dates to avoid the scheduling mayhem of last year. Something to keep in mind moving forward. let Skylar know if you have ideas; sounds like fun things cooking 250TH WIZARDS we have more money, we can invite more alums! fingers crossed for Sarah Ruhl Kate Burton?! guy who has won fewer Tonys than he has been nominated for?! also let Skylar know if you have ideas about this! 
 GRANTS!!!!!!!!!!! open jar has not been opened yet but Marcus is applying grants teams, coordinate to make sure Marcus doesn't accidentally get double money Going Somewhere has applied for New Works Evan will apply for both Celeste will join Open Jar committee for Evan's app Liz thinks it would be fun to push and advertise New Works and Fuck w/ Audience grant differently 
 FINANCESwe miss you, Andrew some lingering reimbursements that will be taken care of 
 SPACE MAINTENANCE:  water in the Upspace water in the men's room 
 #TODO: everyone, look at your rooms and make sure they look nice SAFETY we are. LEFTOVER VISIONS TOPIC: SIGNAGE IN THE LOBBY “Less is more.” -an idiot. More is more! what if we shared the poster wealth by moving some from the box office to the hallway, perhaps w/ dates of shows? reach out to student visual artists to make the lobby pretty, perhaps in conjunction with shows let's have a bench or so in the lobby 
 BUSINESS 
 #TODO: Evan, be aware of advertising opportunities and take advantage of them (TVs Paige and Keston announced at TWTP some people are working on new proposal questions we should move this semester's visions to not in two weeks 
 #TODO: 
 ALMOST MAINEEPs, tell relevant designers that we will be in the Downspace for brunch on Saturday 11:30-1:30 
 #TODO: Liz, make Hootsuite happen! Very excited about this social media revolution Marty will add a clause to the Upspace contract explaining that piano usage is not guaranteed we need to be more explicit that the board does not produce Upspace shows but let's also make sure people know about the resources they DO have if you borrow a screw gun… shoot an email to the board and current Downspace TD take a red one and not a yellow one make sure there are still at least three left in the shop let's make a chair rack like the new wood rack! let's make sure EPs let casts know that the board is here to help with inclusivity issues (mention specific marginalized identities) remember 3c2c is coming up, it's a bigger thing than we think it is should we have a potluck? uhh, probably, yes!! #VISIONS Let's talk about the Upspace again! Questions about how certain shows have happened. We need clear expectations, and then clear guidelines of what to do when those expectations aren't met. Also, what is the Upspace for? Is the fact of it being a week important? (Paige + others) Downspace shows applying for outside grants (Skylar) Remember how the benefactor wants to give us more money? Let's think about what to do with it if we take it (Liz) cast is gelling, rehearsals are fun and smooth so far one actor is dropping out due to personal issues; their roles have been recast within the existing cast no more AD but it is okay they bought a thing at a yard sale (receiptless) but it's chill minutes/14sep01.txt · Last modified: 2014/09/01 18:42 by shenriques"
16feb7,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes, Jan. 31st, 2016 SOTU: A sunny day again! What a day to dream and to make merry! The air is fresh and full of bloomin' FROSTY dandelions. Jenny is here, and has only grown more lovely with age and absence. Marty grins to himself in the corner, softly humming 'Dance, Magic, Dance.' Cameron dances 'round like a young Megan Fox. 
 HERE: Marty; Andrew, Devon, Luke, Liesl, Becca, Evan, Fletcher, Ada, Jamie (visiting), Raphae, Jenny (visiting), Josh, Jonathan (visiting), Cameron, Ezra, Becca (visiting, Johnathan (visiting), Jenn, Crystal (visiting, S & B rep), Kieran (harmo rep) 
 THORNS: my head and my heart; broke my face on the ground; ear infection; reading and classes really kicked in; connie won't respond to me; the future and after school is done i dont want to think about that; some people are really slimy and don't do that, i always have something wrong that i am sick with; waiting and then feeling disappointed about it; you feel a little old when you come back; i am super anxious for this interview i have this week and it feels really high stakes; anxiety about classes, sorry fletch; super homesick for leon; everytime i see a dog, i want a dog so badly that it hurts; all i want to do is sit in bed and watch hulu; there's something being passed around TAPs department and i'm sick; i'm sick too 
 ROSES: david bowie party was transcendent; ran into people at tallulahs; dancing on upspace floor in nothing but capris and denim vest; getting things figured out; being sick people together; called in for midsummer tonight; doing 23 hours of wonderful class per week; bob millstein “i sent you an article about infinite jest”; folk concert in east greenwich; i did something this weekend that was really hard for me and i'm proud of myself; despite disappointment, finding moments of transcendence in the upspace; so nice to visit everything that i missed and to have so many faces to all the names; trader joes, just like wowowowow; went for walk in a park with fam and fletch and poochies; gonna take antibiotics with donuts, had non-theatre world, theatre world moment colliding moment; my girlfriend visiting and she's great i love her; i babysit four different families and they all have dogs; my favorite sixth grader is dating my least favorite sixth grader; last week was my upspace week; bowie week, at first a disappoint me and then last night was a dance party and it was like a dream come true; came ten minutes late to tech but it's okay because they're still finishing up dry tech; jennnnnnyyyy! ANTIGONICK: wet-teching today plats on tuesday @ 11 we have showtimes! jamie needs a partner for eventbryte; #TODO raphae tech schedule so we know when runs are happening HM speech: in the lobby, audience outside–> we have to figure this out/ speak with jason to figure out how we can do this in an orderly way #TODO josh schedule safety walk-through white paint on lobby floors needs to get cleaned HM's: friday 8pm: fletcher and marty saturday 8pm: devon and liesl sunday 2: ezra and jenn sunday 8: becca and luke monday 8: cameron and evan TALLGRASS GOTHIC cast list!!! we still need a TD–andrew and luke can build a staircase! zach s. send send prelimary ideas to josh johnathan should give warning about strike tallgrass comes to strike, not TWITS, which will be next monday at around 1:00pm 
 UPSPACEimportant dates: march 1st-5th: lottery!!! march 15th-24th: upfest april 12-14: polerbear may 3-7: NITUS jason's this week kathy's after that do lights have to be struck after each show?!?! NOOOO!! let's change that in the contract. UPSQUAD when2meet to discuss who we are each going to email SUNDAY SHOWS lottery! (i actually am not sure if anything of import was said regarding sunday shows, if so, let me and da board know!) TWITS cast is fucking awesome need a lot of positions filled-light designer, TD (might not be super important, might be similar to props designer), (jake kuhn, PM should come to meetings) props and costume designer #TODO fletcher and andrew clarify what jobs are needed to be filled #TODO becca email andrew names of freshman (anuvi, peter bowden, emmett) #TODO evan, send RISD freshman emails to see if they're interested #TODO everyone, if you have an idea for any of these positions, reach out #TODO becca and andrew, gonna go to TA3 to look for people; should come to schmooze, advertise jobs to babies!!!! FINANCE$ track grants on budget spreadsheet! jenny made it! #TODO andrew make budget spreadsheet FINALLY ada talked to caleb ( “we are amenable to your request” ;)) after -submitting info!! going to UFB meeting on tuesday; ezra and ada going to ask for $21,000, if they say no, going to try to persuade further, if they are immovable, we will ask for $15,000 and we will pay the rest. PO days/reimbursement days: monday, wednesday, friday (LET'S PUT THIS) #TODO andrew explain PO's to becca #TODO becca fix showpacket #TODO ada harass austin for sewing things? AND MARQUIS #TODO we have to get austin to drill in da marquis!!!! this semester! GRAAAAAAAANTS open jar: marty will apply to open jar, fletcher made posters for new works new works: charlotte got $80, marielle might apply for new works; has gotten a new application (raphae, who?) #TODO ada can talk money, having done reimbursements #TODO evan + ada, get reimbursements for supersecret SAFETY #TODO josh needs to do safety walk through can't just hide flammable set pieces/ call them props flamex is NOT ALLOWED!!!!!! should be in perfomance safety contract, should be in show packet! 
 SPACE MAINTENANCE:  microphones are broken–we should buy one. ask for money this year. use paint scraper, water and a little paint thinner to clean white paint off floor. kathy is doing this tonight. #TODO bring in upspace soundboard cable #TODO luke talk to antigonick about painting #TODO fletch, marty becca research microphones! this is a good mic for $100. http://www.sweetwater.com/store/detail/SM58?adpos=1o2&creative=55673934841&device=c&matchtype=&network=g&gclid=CLq48_GO5soCFQFkhgodGrwMlA #TODO Evan update upspace silver box SOCIAL MEDIA/ COMMUNITY OUTREACH schmooze on wednesday at 11:30pm MEETING STREET COOOOOOKIIIESS, no alcohol BUT MILK! at schmooze. schmooze: set up: raphae, marty, becca clean up: devon, fletcher #marty make fb event today should we make event before we release state of pw? YES! midyear welcome back, NEW FOLKS! welcome myt! #TODO send becca, i need email list to add to pw list LINCOLN IN LOVE fuck YEAH FREE PIZZAAA! secret perk decoration committee: ada, raphae drinks: marty for mixers set up: raphae, ada we can start setting up at 9:30pm! clean up: ezra is the captain andrew got liquor license. he's a king. of the hill. wizards: fletcher made schedule, luke is a king wizard, andrew will shop train next week let's do board wizards! thursday (2/18) at 11pm. PARTY!!! PUBLICITY: tallgrass–jobs lincoln in love schmooze antigonick TWITs-jobs sweatshirts if you wanna help plats!!! 
 
 BUSINESS:   MF meeting: we are PW guests, but we will make it clear that it is their meeting, discussion about how we want to move forward listen to their grievances in alumni commons some of us really love this tradition (insult exchangin') but we can we continue it? are there boundaries we can create? if they want to make ground rules; we should just talk about going forward, not about what happened; we keep opening fire exit doors, just keep them closed keep mattresses in DR2 #TODO everyone who is not party trained, party train urself #TODO becca get list from activities fair from devon and raphae and put becca sr. on the list! ALUMNI BOARD WIZARDS: sam kuznetz wants to do board wizards andrew and jenny could do board wizards during senior week #TODO devon you will coordinate alumni wizards PW members order sweatshirts Ada and Ezra writing SOTPW, will send out tonight to board– #TODO everyone email their feedback in COMPUTER IS FIXED-ish calendar: found great calendar details; Ulysses has been returned after activities fair sleepover PWAQ???? we all need a reminder that we can't leave meetings early or come late! a nice friendly reminder. let's talk about leavetaking!! wet-teching today plats on tuesday @ 11 we have showtimes! jamie needs a partner for eventbryte; #TODO raphae tech schedule so we know when runs are happening HM speech: in the lobby, audience outside–> we have to figure this out/ speak with jason to figure out how we can do this in an orderly way #TODO josh schedule safety walk-through white paint on lobby floors needs to get cleaned HM's: friday 8pm: fletcher and marty saturday 8pm: devon and liesl sunday 2: ezra and jenn sunday 8: becca and luke monday 8: cameron and evan minutes/16feb7.txt · Last modified: 2016/02/12 19:37 by fbell"
16may5,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes, May 5th, 2016 
 HERE: Fletcher; Becca; Evan; Liesl; Devon; Marielle; Ada; Ivanna; Brianna; Jenn; Ezra; Cam; Abby; Joey; Luke; Andrew; Raphae; Liz 
 THORNS: lots of scheduling, cut my hand making eggs; people who say empty things; can't motivate myself to get out of bed and run in the morning; have not slept in 45 hrs; i also sliced my finger open; in zone of what is the world?; i feel terrible and i really want to go to sleep but if i go to sleep i will have to wake up and also have bad dreams; got a milkshake all over my computer and lost a final–went to zootopia wished i had the milkshake; the weather x2; impending doom of finals and everything; i have a lot of sadness about a lot of different things, can't talk to my mom about it; the weather does not mix well with my hair; school, finals, anything related to academics and im also sick-ish; been feeling sick and sad the past few days; my life fell apart in the last 36 hours; my feet are soaked, very cold very tired; ended up being at RISD for a very long time, feet hurt 
 ROSES: ate at new restaurant downtown with becca and natasha; cut my hair and did not fuck it up; free lunch and a woman asked if i could dog sit for her; clueless the movie, domestic bliss; the next three weeks are filled with so many exciting things, frisbee, job, theatre, family-wise; i feel closer to fletcher because of our blood-bond; my mom is going to get my dog certified as an emotional support animal so he can fly on a plane to come visit me [also make people happy]; clueless, one frame of the movie in particular and i have nice friends; that is all dealt with; for a final a group of friends and i are writing about hamilton; arts and crafts and happy light; i discovered there's a shower in barus and holley and i want to take one in there just to say i did; devon and darts; devon; i skyped my mom which was cute and also liz is a really great person; domestic bliss, just finished two finals, sugar; i put it back together and i got a job; went to see rosencrantz and gildernstern so great to be with excited folk; didn't do much today but it felt good! IF YOU'RE LUCKY [working title] GM- will conard? devon is everything!!!! looking for SM, LD (look at who were assistants this year, also look at who LD'd in the upspace) and sound designer, props, specify first-years #TODO board members, sign up to audition monitor on THURSDAY + FRIDAY 3-8pm, going to have first read-through early housing, either will or devon will tend to this EPs: ivanna and raphae, devon will help through auditions BLACK COMEDY had meeting with anna, it was GREAT actors asked if EPs would make them cookies–is this weird? or just tasty? jason! the GM is here! housing should be set for everyone that is staying for commencement! find jason if it hasn't gone through–before may 6th shows going well! going up three weeks from eysterday set will be done by saturday! cast/crew paint saturday the 7th in the late afternoon probably around 4pm, board members are invited! costumes will be done next week! sculpture will be done saturday UPTHINGS/NITUS: NITUS #TODO evan sign upspace contract, sam has a key HMs- be extra communicate sam was planning to come to meeting to explain why there's no devised piece, he's angry at the board, could be annoyed about WITS situation #TODO evan, check in with NITUS and see what they want from HM's ei. wait outside and communicate with people entering, join in the fun, phones should be in the space, but HMs watch over them open mic-there should be someone collecting phones, luke with talk to NITUS, luke will help with tech set-up #TODO board post on facebook to advertise keston's cypher–(ada corresponding) needs two mics and two mic stands, he wants to paint the space, graffiti, he has to pay for it, if he wants to spray paint, needs to leave door open, ada is monitoring we can volunteer to bring chairs sunday, may 8th xiyi yang, monday, tuesday, 9th+10th, music theatre piece, live organ harvesting in china–wahooo!!!!- ezra is liason 
 GRANTS new works is funding evans project!! open jar: #TODO ezra tell zi yi that she should apply FINANCE$ we ordered the plats last week! they are en route! maybe! #TODO luke call hi out-put so we can buy direct from them, they haven't been getting paid #TODO becca reimburse yourself #TODO find a car AND TAKE THE CAULDRON DOWNTOWN reimbursement sheets in BO are old, don't use them. luke has fifty new ones, needs to put 'em in!! 
 SPACE MAINTENANCE:  gender neutral signs keep getting taken down. luke will keep putting them up. the marquis get super foggy when it rains, the marquee de sade should be charged with wiping it down SAFETY safe!!!!! WITS strike, accident, lowering a zipstrip in what we thoguht was safe, predicted the issue that happened, everyone was alright and safe! just the board! if accidents happen, make sure to let people leave if they want to SOCIAL MEDIA/ COMMUNITY OUTREACH #TODO everyone post about NITUS #TODO evan, season announcement! marty's blurbs look great #TODO ada check in with sam to see if you can insta #TODO post auditions SCHEDULING fill out schedule scheduling convo: devon: jobs bobs: 16th in the evening 6:00-7:30pm workday: offer up may 14th or 16th to MF visions: maybe saturday 5/7??(may possibly be shorter, as this conversation is more integrated into our regular meetings) who wants to lead it? does it have to be led? yeah, it's the person who schedules the whole thing, devon wants to do it! yay devon! #TODO devon either figure out platform to schedule, could do whentomeet EMAIL: if you're lucky positions live cypher, #TODO ask keston how he wants this marketed #TODO ezra, ask xiyi how she wants her show advertised NITUS 
 
 BUSINESS:   MF cool with saturday the 14th, 9am-5pm, for workday #TODO if you have workday conflicts, get in touch with luke and ada, will send out schedule visions– thursday, may 12th, 9am-2pm renish: moving it to 3pm-5pm, anna stacy is doing a 6pm show #TODO andrew shoptrain these little eager cuties!!!!! when-to-meet #TODO jenn will get card and flowers, bringing it to next meeting remember outerspace! and rmemeber to meet with buddies MF needs to pay $264 for paint- #TODO devon let them know, also they owe us tw paint trays, and one or two rollers retroactive rose [ivanna]- shuttle driver gonna come 2 pw 2 c black comedy wish there was a vending machine in TF Green minutes/16may5.txt · Last modified: 2016/05/07 22:34 by fbell"
16april18,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes, April 18th, 2016 
 HERE: Fletcher; Andrew; Becca; Liz; Evan; Raphae; Luke; Liesl; Cameron; Devon; ; Josh; Marty; Marielle; Ada; Ivanna; Brianna; Jenn; Ezra 
 THORNS: i'm sickdidn't get a lot of sleep had to confront a new split in my group of friends my parents really suck and are awful and ruin everything lost friday night have to be inside all day the douche bag frat boys that i pretend don't exist came out out of the woodworks, horrifying nightmares anxiety been up since 7:30am the work that i will have to do as soon as i acknowledge that the weekend is over the combination of medicine and alcohol and sometime they don't mix wellwhat alcohol does to your voice destroyed my jaw and throat this weekendwas gonna go to this thing this morning and then i felt really strange and was sad and couldnt get out of bed in time to get there, kinda wish i'd gone quit playing games and get medicine being late to meeting have a lot of work coming up, went too hard at fratty at the ratty and feel nauseous [ i am a veg] worst weekend of my whole life 
 ROSES: spring weekend long floral dresses, friends; caught up with old friends i think i balanced it very well, woke up early this morning and made biscuits my brother texted me back had quinetessential brown going out night i decided to opt out of spring weekend, not regretting it spring weekend, surrounded by beautiful people ready to start week and be done with spring weekend, not into itlast night i was sitting alone in the upspace, if i sit here for a while good things will happen and they didhad a really good weekend with lots of friends and beverages sometimes alcohol and drugs do mix real nice april has been good vibes so far and it's usually the month where i get down [in the dumps] extremely stoned for 12 hours yesterday, really content, cloud of a person velvet in general, im feeling good, about classes, things good cause i've been feeling icky for a while, for the first time since freshmen year, went to a brown athletic event, we beat them and rushed the field, my peers became instant gods went to hospital for test, found out i'm lactose intolerant had a fun weekend and slept so much last night had a really good day yesterday and i have krav maga CAROUSEL, THE doing wet tech now duv on tuesday, plats on wednesday wizards on the 23rd, carousel was planning to use upspace for dressing room saturday there is a show at 2:00pm, so wizards in the upspace at noon wouldn't work #TODO, devon will book a room on 25live safety was scheduled through MF, tomorrow 4/18 at 1:00pm, josh looked at it, a few egress problems but we shall see! #TODO luke will help with plats on tuesday jonathan will email us about ticket reservations BLACK COMEDY cast!!! wahoo!!!!!1 #TODO becca put TD in email rehearsals start tomorrow 4/18, EP's will go and bring some snacks will ask about the potential cabaret in the upspace–ask when the shows will be usually do a day show so the folks coming to reinsh can go straight to the show #TODO ezra email and coordinate, black comedy– printing scripts, should get PO from metcalf, should come out of budget, shouldn't cost $80. UPTHINGS: poler bears was amazing and they were so nice strike went well, lights are up for general lighting next is carousel, then WITs, then NITUS (#TODO NITUS committee maybe you want to be reaching out to NITUS) keston's cypher on sunday 5/8 do we want to lottery off 5/9 +5/10? yes! #TODO Fletcher 
 GRANTS miranda will be applying soon to something? will revisit evan's application let's advertise to friends-how can we better get the word out about these grants? utilize social media more, email should always be mentioned when signing contract for the upspace new works: ( $2,000 per year) open jar: ($450 per semester, upspace only, gets filled up when jar is empty) mess with the audience: ($200 a year) #TODO becca put grants in email FINANCE$ we're out of spike tape, BUT ton of tape in BO plats: have not heard back from donna about doctored document #TODO becca and ada talk to brian about receipts, tell him to save receipts for other stuff idea for 
 FINANCES: conversation about SAO with speed of reimbursements, esp. for theatre, people buy stuff often, people aren't getting money back fast enough, peopel need to be reimbursed by end of the month, any business could have PO with brown, have to fill out supply registration form, we can talk to designers about a list of places to have PO's with brown always buy lumber off of PO, majority of set budget will be taken care of EP's should tell their teams that if they are buying offline, we can do that in SAO–> amazon, online vendor, etc. as long as it's a credit card. (student activities office in faunce, they give us money!!! we request budget from UFB, student org, but our bank account is handled by SAO, submitting the budget, finance people put together a list of our costs and tell them how much money we need, we do it every march, you can check it out on pw.owncloud.org) we have money! 
 SPACE MAINTENANCE:  maintained!!! SAFETY carousel is taking care of their own safety walk #TODO ANDREW or JOSH, LET'S SHOP TRAIN NEW MEMS #TODO new mems, josh, andrew, raphae, liesl, cameron schedule shop training time WITS not a ton of updates everyone should check out mirandas proposal in the owncloudsuper visual-arty ALUMNI WIZARDS april 23rd, sam kusnetz for qlab, product manager at qlab devon can set up, other people need to be there (fletcher, marielle, becca, others) #TODO fletch, rent a video camera and videotape it! put on website wahoo! (wizards are learning workshops taught by alumni) SOCIAL MEDIA/ COMMUNITY OUTREACH black comedy auditions #TODO devon add the new babieees to facebook admin #TODO raphae add them to calendar FALL DOWNSPACE PROPOSALS #TODO everyone upload plays onto owncloud!!!! so we can get to reading #TODO everyone,find out what slots your buddies are proposing for can fletch, ada, marty have buddies, as leaders of the meeting? devon: asking a lot to ask some people to take two buddies, when some people have none jenn: we are all biased and will advocate for buddies, leading the meeting doesn't necessarily change that josh: i trust the leader of meeting to know when they shouldnt be talking second readers are allowed marty- no buddy, taking notes ezra- emma davis, proposing what she proposed to WITs, devised work andrew- met with jordan, proposing mercury fur, josh emailed england, was proposed a few years, have script on owncloud ada- leading meeting raphae- proposing devon- buddying ahn, sending second draft, letting him go over ten page limit, pictures, videos, no script becca- cameron, waiting for play josh- buddying no one, doing rights luke and marielle- joo-han liesl: buddying briana, raisin in the sun jenn: buddying midori, going to meet, still in conversation with ryan, good to buddy both evan: buddying anthony derita, great people, liz + ivanna: buddying raphae, she has a team, going to send draft SOCIAL MEDIA/COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT: devon postered all over campus for downspace proposals gave out stickers at campus, still stickers in the BO, we should give them out two alums emailed about stickers, raphae will send to them bring stickers to adoch fair #TODO cameron bump sign-up email, 5:30pm-7:30pm, 30 minute slots luke is putting production workshop sign together, taking it to faunce steps, pied piper the youngins to pw advertise grants, proposals, hang posters, samuel french thinks we're fucking rad EMAIL: proposals black comedy- td alum wizards carousel miranda looking for ld lottery for may 9th, 10th 
 
 BUSINESS:   adoch event on wednesday at 4:00pm, meet luke on faunce steps, take children, give them tour, say bye or lead them to the fair brianna sent awesome link, read it, important to acknowledge this stuff, i'm more than happy to talk to people about stuff #TODO becca send minutes from last week cheno would like to have something in space at 11pm, saturday night, seniors would probably not be able to help/attend– who would set up lights? everyone who can stay through commencement should. …with the understanding that people will be working for room and board josh happy to take care of lights and sound, cheno great organizer, as long as she's going to advertise. taps cabaret can be a lil exclusivo, thing could be a nice alternative let's do it!!!!! as long as it doesn't conflict with black comedy. we usually have campus dance after party, bring in POPCORN!!! AND ALUMNI! ivanna: feel like im still trying to learn lingo, still trying to figure out where i can contribute, i would love to talk to more people about what– general invitation to get coffee!! much of this will be taken care of once you take on jobs and responsibilities, sit back and soak up everything, shadow board members, new mems, look at website for jobs #TODO marty will update jobs luke: #TODO haven't scheduled workday, wants to put it together, ada would love to run it with luke schedule jobs-bobs + visions, #TODO everyone come with finals schedules next week so we can schedule all of our end of the year junk #TODO devon email MF for conflicts for workday, who from MF wants to co-lead workday? roller-derby with MF??? doing wet tech now duv on tuesday, plats on wednesday wizards on the 23rd, carousel was planning to use upspace for dressing room saturday there is a show at 2:00pm, so wizards in the upspace at noon wouldn't work #TODO, devon will book a room on 25live safety was scheduled through MF, tomorrow 4/18 at 1:00pm, josh looked at it, a few egress problems but we shall see! #TODO luke will help with plats on tuesday jonathan will email us about ticket reservations minutes/16april18.txt · Last modified: 2016/04/21 14:02 by fbell"
15may04,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes, 4 May 2015 
 HERE: Celeste, Andrew, Andy (visiting), Skylar, Paige, Becca B., Liz, Devon, Ben S., Becca M., Beatrix (visiting), Jenn, Luke, Fletcher, Ben C., Raphae, Keston, Simon [minutes-taker], Ada 
 THORNS: did not have subletter; what do I do next year; final or assignment every day from now through Tuesday; becoming a dancer means becoming aware of just how bad a dancer I am; good SPACE workshop today; work involved reading about sad things; disappointing myself; paper due and presentations and no time; made up a dumb daily call; false hope; will never perform in another play at Brown and my whole body hurts; possibly up for the next 60 hours; at the Rock from 2am-10am; probably won't sleep tonight; bad old feelings coming back for no reason; complicated feelings; the afterlife; so much work; it was the third to last thing of college 
 ROSES: Deadsville; done with college tomorrow 4pm; something; book-worthy idea; Deadsville and successful interview; productive day; impressing myself; adorable puppy that said hi; great ASMs; video of Luke and Paige having matching shoes; I live with my best friends; Fletcher's hair; delirium is hilarious for other people and friends are great and Deadsville was amazing; being here and finishing binding book of poems; 21 and Joey; simple feelings; Deadsville; really great day; third to last thing of college was making a poster board like a second grade science fair IN2 THA WOODZ tech is going to be an extra day they will have a fifth show strike will be Saturday afternoon Ada will get a PO tomorrow for lumber can building happen in the space during workday? Andy got a jacket! CRIMES OF THE <3 auditions are going well audition! they need a set designer and TD 
 UPSPACEBuck is in there now through tomorrow Sam L. had a very full week lottery 5/16 SUNDAY SHOWS Deadsville happened GRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANTS New Works will decide on Deadsville Open Jar has lots FINANCE$ we bought a washer/dryer which will be here Friday 5/8 do NOT assume that we have money to buy things Mr. Cape has been reimbursed for Into the Woods rights 
 SPACE MAINTENANCE:  nice lookin window in the smelly room let's fix the column in the downspace 5/10: WORK 
 #TODO: can the schedule please be emailed out to the board prior to the day of (Thursday) writing on the upspace walls? “Some people think that the Downspace is upstairs because it's written by the stairs.” “That makes me want to die.” -L.O. 
 #TODO: email Austin, Jenn, and Ada with projects you want to do (by Wednesday) SAFETY yeah OUTERSPACE lots of people interested mostly (great!) music trying to get some more variety Friday 5/8 11:30-6 Fletcher wants to grill. Does he know how to grill? 
 #TODO: aliens, send around a monitoring signup Ben C. and Celeste are getting food and beer for Outerspace and jobs bbq schedule will be finalized by Wednesday Celeste is laughing like a crazy person MF CONTRACT Grant cancelled meeting, but they will meet this week things we want half of karma, no limit pay for less (or none) of their Flamex MF board member at our meetings when they are in the space introductions at strike—what does that mean? also there is some L5Y karma in the safe(?) SCHEDULING jobs bbq after workday (end workday at 5pm, start bbq at 6:30?) #visions Saturday 7-11 at Ben and Austin's house pending housemates' approval, backup: Liz and Andrew's PUBLICITY Outerspace Crimes auditions Upspace lottery 
 BUSINESS renish! it should happen Miranda gave us some gels! thanks, Miranda! Capture the Mammoth Tuesday morning of señor week? tell EVERYONE to play for pw! Celeste “Keston Jr.” Cahn will try to do banquet stuff this week at least invite them to Outerspace and Capture the Mammoth Ada is willing to help 
 #TODO: everyone add your stuff to the #visions spreadsheet! 
 #TODO: Austin, give keys to Into the Woods #VISIONS change the calendar? tech is going to be an extra day they will have a fifth show strike will be Saturday afternoon Ada will get a PO tomorrow for lumber can building happen in the space during workday? Andy got a jacket! minutes/15may04.txt · Last modified: 2015/05/05 00:13 by shenriques"
15feb17,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes, 17 February 2015 
 HERE: Keston, Celeste, Becca, Ezra (visiting), Skylar, Ben S., Sam K-M (visiting), Simon [minutes-taker], Liz, Cameron (visiting), Jenn, Fletcher, Ada, Luke (visiting) 
 THORNS: did not have a productive long weekend; quotes to previous; feelings that feel like they come out of nowhere; he's on MF; it was only half the work I needed to get done; I do nothing a lot; production; feel like a third class citizen and also stupid people from stupid past are stupid; expected to do that and anything else (and never meeting those expectations); stressed about shit; doing a ton of shit and doing it all at 25%; people making me shave my face; worrying so much about other people that you let yourself become a mess; so tired; have not slept this week 
 ROSES: had a good relaxing long weekend; quotes to previous; feeling really satisfied in things that I'm doing; really happy; getting a bunch of work done this weekend; surprising and wonderful things are surprising and wonderful sometimes; productivity; doubled the amount of steps I was supposed to take on the pedometer (ed. note: fitness nerdddd); this thing that happens in the room; can turn on the happy; excited for new things that are starting; “collided like boxing gloves” APPARENTLY no sexual connotation but idk??; making serious leaps in rehearsal; show looks great; died hair purple (subtly) BERNARDA ALBA IN THE HOUSE $25 publicity budget for every show comes from SAO Cameron is the PM now! can Leo Baum strike be delayed until 11? most of the board won't even be free until 11 cast will strike costumes and props right after the show; board will come at 11 board members who can, show up at ~9:10 to unlock doors etc. plats can go straight into downspace at 11 no sound designer currently sound hasn't become an integral part of the show Sam will talk to people to help him hang speakers and putting things in QLab Skylar can help an ASM learn QLab board can help hang and cable speakers will be hearing about CAC funding this week CHAMBER STAGE(?) Celeste showed Spencer around today we will leave some chairs up there after TWITS strike there is a lottery on the 1st SUNDAY SPECTACLES Brown Unheard is on for the Sunday at the end of spring break; Fletcher will be around there's an opening on the 15th What's On Tap? is interested TWITS “we are happy campers” plats tomorrow @ 11:15 Ben S. will show Ada how to use Eventbrite Ben C. will work with Josh on plat setup HMs: Friday 8pm: WE NEED SOME FOLKS HERE PLZ Saturday 8pm: Jenn, Ben S. Sunday 8pm: Becca, Ben C. Monday 8pm: Ben C. and SOMEONE ELSE PLZ push the Facebook event! SPRING @ PW buddy chickens 
 #TODO: Skylar, get script from Dylan 
 #TODO: Simon, meet with Fletcher now now now like YESTERDAY decision meeting will prob start at 9 
 #TODO: Becca, get a room GR@@@NTS!!! Quitters Never Win applied to New Works and Open Jar Open Jar is on that shit, they already decided ($38.88) FINANCE$ Ada learned REPARATIONS butt windows don't close homemade costume rack is broken and dangerous let's move it out of the room! nothing is hanging on it SECURITY we're secure ARCHIVES “oh yeah, we're gonna plan a workday” “ditto with the Upspace archives, we're gonna plan a workday” PUBLICITY push TWITS PROFESSIONAL we can talk about fundraising in PWAQ w/o it being explicitly a fundraising letter we should have a fundraising opportunity at renish 
 #TODO: Becca, add this to PWAQ 
 #TODO: Austin, do not send out PWAQ yet Fletcher dreamed about being married to me (et al.) gun can't leave business Keston does not understand his own schedule?! will we ever have brunch we should label upspace dimmers it's not possible “Adelaide's Lament” 
 #TODO: Becca, audition for a musical! Skylar needs an email from Austin what shall we do about leaky Upspace booth? let's hope and pray or whatever 
 #TODO: Ben C., set up a monitor in the Upspace the shop is too dirty! #VISIONS - $25 publicity budget for every show comes from SAO Cameron is the PM now! can Leo Baum strike be delayed until 11? most of the board won't even be free until 11 cast will strike costumes and props right after the show; board will come at 11 board members who can, show up at ~9:10 to unlock doors etc. plats can go straight into downspace at 11 no sound designer currently sound hasn't become an integral part of the show Sam will talk to people to help him hang speakers and putting things in QLab Skylar can help an ASM learn QLab board can help hang and cable speakers will be hearing about CAC funding this week minutes/15feb17.txt · Last modified: 2015/02/18 01:24 by shenriques"
15jan20,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes, 20 January 2015 the bitches are back back for the attack 
 HERE: Becca, Ben S., Fletcher [minutes-taker for r's + t's], Liz, Josh, Austin, Skylar, Keston, Jenn, Ada, Andrés, Ben C., Celeste, Devon, Simon [minutes-taker for the rest], Becca Millstein (barely) 
 THORNS: no space and the SAO fucked up; walking through a fog and it ain’t pretty; nervous for no reason; I smell bad; feeling floopy; really difficult break; mildly stressed about classes; not stopped singing Spring Awakening songs; lost my mittens and too many classes to shop; didn’t respond to an email about this very meeting; stage-managing a show for writing is live about a capella group (I need a dildo); ski-ing with Ben but…; people you love and care about are just weird; I am back here…damn; RPL training was garbage; there is so much good stuff to consume but I forget to create; keep thinking that I lose my keys (but not actually losing them) 
 ROSES: rehearsal is going well; addicted to hearts; relaxing break and missed meetings (needs friends [Andrew Ganem]); possibility; shopping a class with Jordan Branch; got a job!; reuniting with my grandpa and Becca Millstein is on campus; gave a lap dance in rehearsal and got a hot new hot hawt roommate; Twelfth Night is so much fun and I love going to rehearsal and I love that love; it’s relatively warm out; hearing Maria’s story; brunch with Emma Johnson and she went down on one knee; …I hurt my knee; I have a dining room table ergo nothing to complain about and a new geetar; great break and it was great and I had a great time and being home is pretty great; new moon new semester; consuming over break; coming into this room and seeing all these beautiful faces WONDERLAND “they're doing their thing” -A.D., EP current set idea does not work in any known universe, but a talk (or two) will be had design runs Thursday 8:30 and 9:30/9:45 BERNARDA ALBA IN THE HOUSE they're looking for a PM we've reached out to DPS re:gender, they're not getting back Skylar doesn't anticipate it being a problem Sam's in a show, but things are happening 
 UPSPACEthere are lights…on the ground Sarah Cooke is on Friday Fletcher is monitoring she should keep her receipts for reimbursements Ian Everbach is doing some plays next week Fletcher is directing two of them! Spencer R-R is directing a play Brad Weekes wrote needs a liaison we should go support these new things…COME! next lottery SUNDAY SHOWS Fletcher is in charge now gonna talk to Clyde TWITS push auditions! Ben C. is EPing they need a PM and LD GRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANTS Jenn is the new Marty (re:high five) the benefactor has not responded to Liz yet Fletcher is in contact with Matt Waxwing didn't cost us any money…just because FINANCE$ we have money we accidentally overspent $542 we still have $21,000 though so like nbd but Andrew still apologizes we are going to fundraise SOTG still has not paid us for duv 
 SPACE MAINTENANCE:  we had work day before we left the spay is mayed. facilities fixed some stuff there is a window after shopping, let's figure out when our finals are so we can schedule work day! SAFETY all quiet on the western front ARCHIVES “we should meet” “we should have an archives work day” “we will meet” Keston will make sure upspace shows take pics PUBLICITY TWITS auditions Stranger Talk “Quitters” auditions Sunday Show WIZARDS Austin wants to do board wizards he will send out some dates email Austin what you want to learn! 
 BUSINESS Writers' Fortnight update: since there are so many full length plays happening, maybe the original 'three plays in rep' plan is not ideal SKYLAR why would you not respond to our email thread saying this this is not what we decided to spend two weeks but also it's the two weeks before spring break, so not totally two weeks? ultimately the goal is still the original plan of full productions in rep gonna try to do another brunch this semester to snatch up late bloomers! what if we turned one meeting per month into a more involved brunch so we can hang out? Ada sent out condensed proposal questions 1. everyone needs to be chill with these 2. we need to decide how to phrase the pitch and the pre-questions meeting after the meeting on Sunday we can still have parties upspace visions committee gonna meet 
 #TODO: Austin, make pwaq pretty #VISIONS jack SHIT (“project workshop”?) “they're doing their thing” -A.D., EP current set idea does not work in any known universe, but a talk (or two) will be had design runs Thursday 8:30 and 9:30/9:45 minutes/15jan20.txt · Last modified: 2015/01/21 11:21 by shenriques"
15apr12,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes, 12 April 2015 
 HERE: Fletcher's mom (visiting), Fletcher, Skylar, Celeste, Becca M., Ben S., Ben C., Becca B., Grant (visiting), Luke, Jenn, Devon, Ada, Keston, Josh, Andrew, Simon [minutes-taker] 
 THORNS: threw up on bed; need to write paper; missing events; so unproductive; I'm inside; back is in pain; life is really expensive; have to do the shit that I haven't been doing; hair is volumized; miss son Fletcher; have to rehearse throughout spring weekend; been being very productive but have to sacrifice sleep for that; impotence; received many small bad newses; weather will prevent me from studying me for my midterm; literally everything that is not dogs; under the weather; feel totally dead and had 90 unread emails 
 ROSES: relaxed all day; for colored girls; discovering both purpose and that the Providence IHOP is open 24 hrs; chilled all day; for colored girls; donuts; hung out with parents and dad cried during for colored girls; chillin hard since Tuesday and I don't see it stopping; everything went well yesterday; here visiting beautiful son Fletcher; my lovely mom; Big Fucking Deal Show; desire; Fletcher's mom took care of me with pizza; IFF student short films were really cool; dogs; Celeste is in a dress; training trip was great FOUR COLORED GIRLS get there for strike at 9:30, strike will begin 9:45 we can add butt seats for the last couple shows strike Austin: leading, Keston: duv and moving lights, Becca B.: set and shop, Ada: box office, Andrew: take down lights, Jenn: help w/ box office, Luke: lights, Josh: shop, Simon: furniture, Fletcher: electrics cleaning, Skylar: in the space, Celeste, upstairs (elbow and butt, repaint benches, dressing rooms), Becca M.: help Celeste with upstairs, Ben S.: chairs and plats and space stuff, Devon: box office MF will be there too! lights, dressing rooms, etc. PW and MF boards are both intro-ing $114 under budget can they donate that? no. sorry! we keep costumes since they were bought with our money they can buy them from us if they want Celeste sent a new ticket list for Sunday tickets LAST FIVE YEARS in the space starting tomorrow! lumber order is getting here tomorrow—carry it in at strike? IN2 THA WOODZ we have the rights, they have the scripts we need to reimburse Mr. Cape Josh, give Andrew receipt and credit card statement EPs, tell PM to be at board meetings 
 #TODO: Josh, email Dylan with contract explaining that we can't change the script AND with the specific language for the poster show is closing the day of campus dance, so strike will be the day after (Saturday) 
 UPSPACEDash is in here this week, Ben S. is his dude 
 #TODO: Ben S., tell Celeste once you know showtimes no alcohol in the upspace ok!!?!??!?! SUNDAY SHOWS all set OUTERSPACE 
 #TODO: Liz, Fletcher, Becca M.—plan this pick a date reach out to BMC, Brown Unheard, Songwriters Club FALL @ PW we assigned some buddies: Keston - Evan, Josh - Emily, Liz - Arturo 
 #TODO: Liz, you are buddying Arturo! he wrote a script and wants to find a director the meeting is Saturday 4/25 GRAAAANTS!! a ton of money in Open Jar buddies—tell people to apply for grants! New Works also has a ton of money FINANCE$ 
 #TODO: Austin, have you gotten a quote to Andrew for the washer/dryer yet? SAFETY yep 
 SPACE MAINTENANCE:  Josh is doing the best he can with the paint room Fletcher is loaning a mattress to Pei Ling VISIONS Austin's dates: 5/4, 5/5, or 5/17 it should be before denish MF CONTRACT Becca B., Austin, Devon, and Ada let's get half of all MF karma, no limit 
 BUSINESS we are going to try to get money for hard hats 
 #TODO: everyone, email the board with conflicts from 5/4 to 5/17 including times for jobs bbq and visions 
 #TODO: Celeste and Jenn, tell Lauren to make sure designers bring back keys to strike would be nice to do a banquet for all the people who've worked on shows this year Jenn and Celeste are taking charge of that(?) we should do it the week after the decision meeting so we can announce the season RSVP should be involved, so we know where to put it? we will ask for colored girls if they want to do a talkback after the show tonight #VISIONS - get there for strike at 9:30, strike will begin 9:45 we can add butt seats for the last couple shows strike Austin: leading, Keston: duv and moving lights, Becca B.: set and shop, Ada: box office, Andrew: take down lights, Jenn: help w/ box office, Luke: lights, Josh: shop, Simon: furniture, Fletcher: electrics cleaning, Skylar: in the space, Celeste, upstairs (elbow and butt, repaint benches, dressing rooms), Becca M.: help Celeste with upstairs, Ben S.: chairs and plats and space stuff, Devon: box office MF will be there too! lights, dressing rooms, etc. PW and MF boards are both intro-ing $114 under budget can they donate that? no. sorry! we keep costumes since they were bought with our money they can buy them from us if they want Celeste sent a new ticket list for Sunday tickets minutes/15apr12.txt · Last modified: 2015/04/12 12:17 by shenriques"
15mar16,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes, 16 March 2015 
 HERE: Ben S., Lauren (visiting), Ada, Fletcher, Liz, Ben C., Celeste, Austin, Becca, Paige, Devon, Jenn, Simon [minutes-taker], Keston, Skylar, Andrew FOUR COLORED GIRLS they got some money, and are getting more we will have ground plan by Wednesday EPs introduced themselves to cast we will repaint during inish cleanup on Wednesday IN2 THE WOODZ EPs are tentatively Keston and Ben S. auditions are the first week back from break monitors won't be an issue Bailey(?) should start coming to meetings 
 UPSPACEThank You Sorry monitors are Ben C. and Ada Fletcher will liaise Dreams next lottery is coming up, Celeste is making a Facebook event RISD students can apply reading period - performances but no advertising; finals - no performances SUNDAY SHOWS has to be open the public lots of people came to the one yesterday OUTERSPACE 
 #TODO: Liz/Fletcher, talk with BMC about co-sponsoring pick a date GRÅNTS Thank You Sorry and Dreams are applying people aren't applying for much FINANCE$ we got our full budget?! we will find out soon about supplemental funding 
 SPACE MAINTENANCE:  they fixed the roof and now the side of the building is leaking the smelly room is full of water! :( if any of the stuff in there is totally fucked from rust, we can file a claim 
 #TODO: Austin, send Andrew a quote for the sound board an outlet in the upspace doesn't work (tripped breaker?) we will repaint the benches PWOM Friday 4/24 is the first day of reading period Joie is going to push for us to be able to do it, but no guarantee if we can't, we should do the Thursday before some logistical things: professional bartenders, not our responsibilities do not drink until you are off for the rest of the night Keston and Paige will be roamers 
 #TODO: Ben C., get liquor license 
 #TODO: Skylar, let Ben C. (or Austin) know as soon as we have date confirmation SAFETY we're getting a ground plan from Sam over spring break the whole building is being inspected 
 #TODO: EVERYONE MAKE SURE YOUR ROOMS ARE CLEAN 
 #TODO: Skylar, print signs to warn student groups to clean the halls - things will be thrown away the Tuesday of break WIZZZARDZZZ we'll do them one day… PUBLICITY Thank You Sorry Dreams (after break) Sunday Show (after break) Into the Woods auditions, at some point 
 BUSINESS BOP wants to borrow a sound board they can't proposals will probably be due April 27th let's advertise earlier considering the Marty Model 
 #TODO: Skylar, convince Austin to light design Thank You Sorry when he's drunk Celeste wants to do apparel Jenn will make a design Ada also wants to make a design we have to schedule visions and a workday MF has not gotten back to you right now #VISIONS - they got some money, and are getting more we will have ground plan by Wednesday EPs introduced themselves to cast we will repaint during inish cleanup on Wednesday minutes/15mar16.txt · Last modified: 2015/03/16 23:58 by shenriques"
15apr19,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes, 19 April 2015 
 HERE: Josh, Skylar, Austin, Celeste, Bailey (visiting), Ben S., Liz, Becca M., Fletcher, Luke, Jenn, Devon, Simon [minutes-taker], Keston, Ada, Grant (visiting) 
 THORNS: dead squirrel; feel like a mood-killer; everything I put in my body this weekend; it was cold last night at some points; blister; spring weekend came at a shitty time; I forget; I feel like Leonardo; bad mixologist; lots to do now; hates VISA; got a bloody nose; FOMO; crying for no reason; family 
 ROSES: spring weekend; nice friends; everything I put on my body this weekend; hopefully will have a bike soon; busted out sandals from Aunt Shirley; new eskimo siblings; dancing is fun and Jenn's wish is Austin's command; I understand the appeal of drinking now; best cure is alcohol; fun few days; spring weekend was fun; turned in a draft of my thesis; spring; being honest even when it's scary; first spring weekend FIVE YEARS AGO currently in tech duv is up (#Keston) groundplans are nonexistent Stephanie S. will not do an inspection until she sees a groundplan plats will probably be Tuesday Celeste and Liz will be there production meetings at 11pm starting tomorrow IN2 THA WOODZ Dylan has been told what the deal is with rights and script alterations he has been talking to B? Josh will talk to B housing is figured out still working on groundplans and fire safety scheduling we paid for five shows so we should do five shows FALL @ PW proposers (who are still proposing) are all doing fine the meeting is on Saturday! 
 UPSPACElast week debrief: it was as big as prom with only one monitor all sorts of drinking and smoking—NO GOOD only a couple people came to clean up got combined with a Clerestory party? L5Y is this week, then Sam Lanier OUTERSPACE 
 #TODO: Liz, Fletcher, Becca M.—plan this pick a date, still, please let's do during finals rather than reading period BMC is very down to help organize and set up GRAAAANTS!! Open Jar and New Works both have $$$ FINANCE$ we have money we are getting the washer/dryer (allegedly) 
 SPACE MAINTENANCE:  Austin is trying to fix the loud vent “If you can get that fixed, pw will be perfect.” -KM SAFETY only emotional hurt MF CONTRACT they want to call the space MF when they are in here maybe we can repaint the whole downspace? “We get KDo” -JM SCHEDULING everyone add your things to Devon's calendar PUBLICITY assistants for ITW 
 BUSINESS 
 #TODO: Skylar make a visions spreadsheet 
 #TODO: buddies make sure Josh knows what show your buddy is proposing 
 #TODO: Austin, find out when L5Y shows are (and email us about it) 
 #TODO: Celeste and Jenn, figure out this banquet thing http://pw.brown.edu/wiki/people/greenbook 
 #TODO: Ben S., send out the calendar ADOCH event Wednesday 4pm, meet at Faunce we can talk to Taiko about when our showtimes are, but we have to be understanding that they have no obligation to us #VISIONS - currently in tech duv is up (#Keston) groundplans are nonexistent Stephanie S. will not do an inspection until she sees a groundplan plats will probably be Tuesday Celeste and Liz will be there production meetings at 11pm starting tomorrow minutes/15apr19.txt · Last modified: 2015/04/19 12:05 by shenriques"
15may11,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes, 11 May 2015 
 HERE: Becca B., Ada, Bailey (Into the Woods), Paige, Keston, Raphae (Crimes of the Heart), Luke, Ben S., Simon [minutes-taker], Celeste, Liz, Andrew, Fletcher, Becca M., Jenn, Devon, Skylar 
 THORNS: feelin like shit; zero; woke up on the wrong side of the bed; fell into a sad mood; reevaluating sphere of influence; scared about living in New York; long night ahead of me; nervous and sad about the next few years; missing out on stuff and I care more about that than I thought I would; dad interrupted my sleep; stigmatization of mental health care; things happening that I thought could never happen; rest of my life is scary and the world is bad sometimes; always will be regretful about the past; people throwing around words carelessly; I keep saying “that was the worst thing I've ever turned in” so that means my work is always getting worse and I'm not ready for seniors to leave; realizing that I'm less a part of my family than I was 
 ROSES: fun crazy night; Elijah (from high school!) is coming to town; ice cream and watched Heist Play; I can tell myself that I am a good person; other people brought food; finished finals; long day is behind me; I love all of you; this was one of the happiest years of my life?!; nice Main Green sit; fantastic talk with Jill; grandma; gonna see some freshman friends; starting to get excited about the future; job interview tomorrow; bought this cool romper and Andrew is nice; fell asleep outside and it was amazing and I felt so great when I woke up IN2 THA WOODZ plats on 5/16 dry tech 5/14, wet tech 5/15, three days of dress rehearsal, open on 5/19 Bailey will prob be reaching out in the next few days to figure stuff out next design run is Wednesday 8:30 CRIMES OF THE <3 production meetings in the next few days, hopefully a read-through before the end of the year have an ASM, looking for props designer they are working on early housing 
 UPSPACElottery is due 5/16 we got the keys back from Sam and Buck GRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANTS New Works will actually decide on Deadsville Open Jar has too much, what a bummer FINANCE$ we have $3600 right now, we probably will end up with $2500 at the end of the semester let's use this money 
 #TODO: EVERYBODY, send Andrew things you want to buy, even if it might not work out 
 SPACE MAINTENANCE:  everything looks good after work day! SAFETY “Um, yeah, so…” Jenn and Austin are gonna meet! Stephanie has stuff she needs taken care of by 5/22 Skylar has blatant contempt for authority! WORKDAY DEBRIEF we should plan it that early again next semester—most of MF was there some of the wooden scaffolding plats are in the smelly room MF CONTRACT new karma limit is $750 anything over that will be discussed other than that we got everything we wanted CAPTURE THE MAMA Tuesday 5/19 bring your people, people they are declaring war, we will respond, maybe Liz is making a Facebook event make sure everyone knows it's open to everyone!!!!! RENISH Saturday 5/23 1:30 Celeste has made the list, invites will be sent in the next couple days 
 #TODO: Skylar etc., figure out 'affiliate catering' 
 #TODO: renish people, take care of pics since 
 BUNNY BUNNY 
 BUSINESS Fletcher can apply to New Works for his final project Baby Beluga was Raphae's favorite song when she was five we're figuring out summer stuff we're not offering any employees until the salary is raised Luke is taking one of the jobs other job might get split up Devon and Liz are around but not free during the day Simon is never in the present moment Becca B. will finish PWAQ don't go in the sound pile (Becca B. is having sex in there!) (or just doing her legacy) 
 #TODO: Simon, distribute #minutes from #visions 
 #TODO: Ada, talk to Marty about how to change the non-wiki parts of the website #VISIONS - plats on 5/16 dry tech 5/14, wet tech 5/15, three days of dress rehearsal, open on 5/19 Bailey will prob be reaching out in the next few days to figure stuff out next design run is Wednesday 8:30 minutes/15may11.txt · Last modified: 2015/05/12 00:33 by shenriques"
16jan25,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes, Jan. 25th 2016 
 HERE: Evan; Andrew; Liz; Raphae; Marty; Jenn; Devon; Jamie M (visiting); Marielle: Luke; Liesel; Kavya; Becca; Fletcher; Soham (visiting); Depal (visiting); Ada 
 THORNS: freaking out about major and future; there are always more dishes; got my hair cut; just in past four hours am getting sick; not ready to be back on campus, not excited; classes start; ran out of milk; i have weird messy feelings about being in tf. green; not myself for a lot of last semester; little bickers that matter; snow storm was not exciting; not sure how long the brain clear is going to last; didn't have as transformative experienceI with plane-lady-friend (TRIED TO KISS HIM AND GET HIM DRUNK); we danced for six hours and we are smelly; missed end of sixth harry potter movie; dropping the ball already; motion sickness 
 ROSES: founder of PW went to Newtown North wachoo; she likes us! yay! ; it's so great to have people coming back from abroad; fun and crazy first rehearsal for upspace show; israel, seredipity, katheen; being back and not forgetting that this meeting was happening; got a lot done today in dance; excited to be back at brown after leave; jitters; so fucking excited to be here; saw simon and he is great; break was restorative and i feel myself and friends; liz being this drunk; tallulahs; fuckedatonny, new zealand, met a lady and she cleared my brain; got an interview; ran our dance piece in a great rehearsal; so excited to be back on the board with new board buds + no homework; really excited to be back with da crew; midsummer rehearsal has been fun; excited to be getting back into the swing of things ANTIGONICK: Applying for grants: painting project to be part of the set; we needed white paint but we have four gallons of paint in the paint room–so now waiting on the grant! Production Meeting: designers, no budget concerns to team–>please lock doors; downspace, furniture room; josh: need to talk to gm, wants a sketch of the set #TODO, cameron and becca come to rehearsal; email jason #TODO cameron and becca reach out to jason to see if we can use the upspace for the schmooze during rehearsals– schmooze would be february 10th TALLGRASS GOTHIC: #TODO everyone! post, share auditions for TallGrass looking or a TD needs audition monitors– will assign when we get audition times at next meeting auditions feb. 1st- feb.3rd 
 UPSPACEUPSQUAD!!! UPFEST!!! NITUS: wants april, the only week in april is that which we have offered to Poler bears; evan has been talking to cherise and they are exploring other options in March so–>in which case, upfest would be march 15th-24th— can we split it into two weeks?– will people want to come to pw that many times consecutively? could do: upfest pt.1 on March 5th and upfest pt. 2 after March 15th-19th in which case, NITUS would take place in between pt.1 and pt.2 #TODO evan talk to cherise and see if the March 15th date would work–can you tell NITUS to tell you by next sunday so we can start asking people to start participating in upfest? Marielle: going well, saturday is the show, luke is liason to marielle, went over the contract, all is well; knows about the piano! #TODO everyone share the event; there is a facebook event, share it on the facebook #TODO becca put it in the email Marty's upspace week is up next, fletcher will be liason. upspace key? was in the lock box in BO, but now it is not there; we are short one key because devon had one–> that key is becoming the new upspace key—> liz has a bunch of old keys—> so does evan! #TODO evan, give liz your keys and #TODO liz give key to ziyi can marty have a dance party? as long as there is no alc! monitors keep your eyes peeled for sneaky marty. UPFEST Jenn made a list of groups we could reach out to for upfest! as soon as we know our dates; upsquad can reach out to groups; -#TODO jenn, send list to the PW board FINANCE$ #TODO ada we have to pay for rights–> ada will square away with SAO #TODO ada didn't submit some reimbursements for neverland plats: planning to attend meeting on thursday, ada is going to submit a form to see if we can come to the meeting–> in which case she will go on thursday (andrew wants to go! anyone can go! and should!) we should figure out reimbursement days GRAAAAAAAANTS new works: liz, fletcher, ada, raphae no one has applied, encourage kathy to apply could emily apply because she is writing new music–we will bring it up if she is looking for money #TODO fletcher make posters to advertise new works –>there has to be a performance to qualifiy for new works? #TODO liz will dig up email from Margaret about the stipulations open jar: evan, becca, ezra #TODO becca and fletcher make letter for matt SAFETY josh: we SAFE! but go to JOHN STREET TRAINING!!!!! GO! GO! GO! alex is weird, go through luke SOCIAL MEDIA/ COMMUNITY OUTREACH ada: post stuff on facebook page; it's okay to take a stance but check with board and make sure it's alright communicate clearly about the work/performances we are producing; communicate our intentions/ideology #TODO ada is going to write a draft about current state of PW–> what we are striving to achieve this semester SOTU for PW–> planning on distributing through all our media/forums what is PW? fletcher found ideological treatise on website (on board wiki) ezra: we should draft statement, release statement before schmooze, put it on fb, website, email and invite people to schmooze so they can come talk about this treatise; #TODO ezra is going to start working on round 2 release of “what is PW?” which will include upfest info #TODO marty make facebook event for schmooze once we have decided date–> wednesday, february 10th #TODO raphae send it to morning mail #TODO (who?) (evan's suggestion) send information to all people who have been involved with a pw show table slipping!!! let's do it!!!!! facebook messages on pw page go unanswered for months–> answer them!!!! click on messages–they won't show up as notifications pw email–> hadn't been opened since november 5th–> is this a job? #TODO becca, check email! new password for email: wouldn't you like to know. 
 SPACE MAINTENANCE:  don't see anythinnnnnnggg! looks good! heat wasn't working! but is now! antigonick loves crack on the wall!!! beauty in flaws! TWITs: kathy doing a great job advertising auditions ada is not EPing, #TODO FLETCHER AND ANDREW will ep #TODO fletcher and andrew reach out to kathy WELCOME BACK SCHMOOZE: for new people; freshmen who are scared, midyear transfers; open communications thang; update people on where we are–> make announcement about upfest SUNDAY SHOWS: we decided they would be lotteried off! sorry fletch, you must retire your sunday priest robes. apply to pw lottery! market sunday shows as the pw lottery; liz wants to do it/ so does charlotte senders #TODO liz (who has a cool idea) must get back to fletcher by sunday #TODO fletcher create lottery for open days 
 BUSINESS Badmaash: needs to borrow two bamboo sticks, bow and arrow, and spears from the props closet for show in february; need to get in touch with kathy #TODO Andrew or Fletcher Does Badmaash want to perform in the upspace? email them #TODO upspace squad we have the rights to flick and black comedy! request for sam: announce the flick–> sam can speak about it freely! #TODO evan do silver box luke will release designer handbook!!! luke will fix box office computer–>gonna wipe the hard drive but will save important documents devon put up pictures from a long time ago–> EP's should put up pictures? collecting the pictures is always a difficult job–> EP's should get the photos; luke: updating past shows page, almost done, need marat/sade and 11/a program #TODO becca and cameron go over show packet with jason marty and raphae are almost done writing pwaq upspace archive crew (U.CRU) : marty, luke, ezra, fletcher figured out how to put minutes on website; writing minutes directly on website–> send out after private board wizards? when? #TODO marty register event, valentine's day party?!?!?! register event? LINCOLN IN LOVE! JOHN WILKES KISSING BOOTH. NEW JOB: official sitter-nexter-to, someone who sits and waits next to person who updates the website!!!! AND smooches them. #TODO S & B also everyone, find out S & B meeting swap-in–> go to meetings fridge unplugged in BO–> filled with water yum yum, andrew cleaning tomorrow #TODO evan, get ur fridge and microwave out of DR2 plzzzz #TODO raphae trying to figure out which chalkboard calendar we should get for the door joie wants to meet with three to five of us next week to talk about – #TODO Everyone fill out when-to-meet for meeting with joie as much as you can–> #TODO ezra bump the email–> going to be after next sundays meeting liz coming back to board WAHOOOOO!!!! #TODO evan jason asked if we can change silver boX “antigonick by sophocles translated by anne carson” PUBLICITY: tallgrass gothic, audition and TD see antigonick! wizards coming soon, link website do we want to put the sweatshirt in the email? twits–> let's make it part of our season announcement welcome back marielle's upspace show Applying for grants: painting project to be part of the set; we needed white paint but we have four gallons of paint in the paint room–so now waiting on the grant! Production Meeting: designers, no budget concerns to team–>please lock doors; downspace, furniture room; josh: need to talk to gm, wants a sketch of the set #TODO, cameron and becca come to rehearsal; email jason #TODO cameron and becca reach out to jason to see if we can use the upspace for the schmooze during rehearsals– schmooze would be february 10th minutes/16jan25.txt · Last modified: 2016/01/29 17:46 by fbell"
15apr05,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes, 5 April 2015 
 HERE: Becca M., Lauren (visiting), Liz, Bailey (visiting), Celeste, Keston, Ada, Devon, Ben C., Simon [minutes-taker] 
 THORNS: feel like shit; woke up early; have to start doing work; girl walked in on me mid-wipe; cake is ugly; feel like I screwed something up and my boobs are shrinking; can't figure out how to wipe sitting down; 13 strangers in my house; two a cappella shows and that is a part of my identity 
 ROSES: none; productive morning; Dreams; did improv in front of people and made a cake; baking the cake; “I am udderly excited to be in this moo-sical” -the guy playing Milky White; had a nice passover seder with the fam; fun to laugh; great comedy performances FOUR COLORED GIRLS plats Tuesday Celeste will talk to Sam to figure out where to put them there is a poster designer HMs: Friday 8pm: Celeste, Keston Saturday 5pm: Devon Saturday 9pm: Sunday 8pm: Becca M., Liz Monday 8pm: Ada, Ben C. cast and crew gets into prom for free IN2 THA WOODZ there is a cast first read-through Monday 7pm they will come to strike (9:45pm) may need a sound designer show dates will likely be May 18-21 (M-Th) we will maybe think about putting up a show on Saturday for alums to see 
 UPSPACECeleste and Liz will paint walls and benches soon lottery tonight for last three slots SUNDAY SHOWS there's one in May OUTERSPACE Liz and Fletcher and Becca M. are on it when will it be? maybe during dry tech of Into the Woods? maybe during finals? figure it out ok GRAAAANTS!! Ben held my hand no one has applied to New Works Dreams is applying to Open Jar FINANCE$ we're getting a washer and dryer 
 #TODO: Austin, get a quote for Andrew PWOM 
 #TODO: Becca M., make a FB event jobs list exists setup will be at 10 Ben C. will try to get Jeffrey to DJ all three hours if he will only do two, he should do the last two alcohol will be purchased Simon is making pics FALL @ PW Facebook event is up—promote it! schmooze Wednesday 4/15 SAFETY yep WIZARDS Becca B. can do one if she wants she's doing it! 
 SPACE MAINTENANCE:  yeah ok WORKDAY it's still Sunday 5/10 5/10[WORK] would be too sick if Into the Woods can rehearse 5pm or after VISIONS 
 #TODO: Austin, schedule 3-4 hour visions meeting for a day or evening during finals hopefully you still have everyone's finals conflicts 
 BUSINESS Ada made a spring weekend tank design she will pick a design or let us vote Ada is willing to set up shop outside the Ratty to sell them Ben C. will get a PO for spike/glow tape and lend his car or go get it 
 #TODO: Austin, put “renegotiate MF contract” on the agenda for the next meeting #VISIONS - plats Tuesday Celeste will talk to Sam to figure out where to put them there is a poster designer HMs: Friday 8pm: Celeste, Keston Saturday 5pm: Devon Saturday 9pm: Sunday 8pm: Becca M., Liz Monday 8pm: Ada, Ben C. cast and crew gets into prom for free minutes/15apr05.txt · Last modified: 2015/04/05 14:02 by shenriques"
15mar01,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes, 1 March 2015 
 HERE: Becca, Lauren (visiting), Ben C. Devon, Jenn, Liz, Andrew, Austin, Cameron (visiting), Skylar, Keston, Ezra (visiting), Simon [minutes-taker], Fletcher (shirtless) 
 THORNS: so tired; missing people; stressed; someone was USING the MACHINE; nothing?!; nervous in crowds; freshman threw up in suite last night; who am I and what am I doing; still so many more steps; Zack's email; 
 ROSES: special anniversary and parents are here; Spring Awakening and donuts; auditions!; goood moood; not tired for the first time in two months; last night's Twelfth Night; acting is fun; friends are good; every journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step; Zack's email; FOUR COLORED GIRLS need SD, SM Skylar is willing if they can't find anyone Becca could SM if she doesn't get cast trying to get money the cast will come to strike BERNARDA ALBA IN THE HOUSE 
 #TODO: Jenn, send Cameron a program template AND Blog/BDH contacts Cameron will set up Eventbrite plats tentatively Tuesday 11pm safety inspection Monday afternoon—clean it (space, shop, everything) up! we'll sign up for HMing over email 
 UPSPACEno gallery Becca is getting the key from Spencer lottery tonight SUNDAY SHOWS 29th is Brown Unheard What's on Tap? will never ever ever do a Sunday show maybe BMC maybe Poler Bears NEW MEMS buddies are doin okay 
 #TODO: Becca, try to get chandelier room schmooze is Wednesday at 11, get here at 10:30 to set up if you can FACEBOOK NEVER SAYS THAT PW HAS WINE. BECAUSE WE DO NOT HAVE WINE. NO WINE AT PW. THANK YOU AND GOOD NIGHT GRANTZZŽŹŻŽŹŻŽŹŻŽŹŻŽŹŻŽŹŻŽŹŻŽŹŻ no updates from New Works no one has applied to Open Jar FINANCE$ Andrew met with UFB rep, neither of them know anything we're going to use 'capital investment' money for this semester to buy washer/dryer 
 #TODO: Austin/Andrew, email Skylar with list of things alums can buy us 
 #TODO: everyone also email Skylar with things you want for your rooms? 
 SPACE MAINTENANCE:  everything is fine except the roof the roof is not fine there is water getting pumped to the toilet so not fine Austin will talk to the BDH and he will not go too crazy PWOM it will be L5Y weekend, April 24 or 25, hopefully overlapping with no other events SAFETY yeah ARCHIVES ????????? PUBLICITY SM, SD for Nika new mems Bernarda Alba 
 BUSINESS Stand Up Against Sexual Assault wants to have Consent Party (alcohol-free) in the upspace can they just ask whoever gets that week to host them? encouraging people to circumvent the lottery system seems counterproductive the upspace is not just a room you can reserve, it's for artistic purposes can't they just reserve a room since they're a student group? could coordinate with For Colored Girls and do it the next weekend if they're both interested? 
 #TODO: Austin, talk to the music department about the piano make sure we get a lot of fun instruments #VISIONS - need SD, SM Skylar is willing if they can't find anyone Becca could SM if she doesn't get cast trying to get money the cast will come to strike minutes/15mar01.txt · Last modified: 2015/03/01 12:01 by shenriques"
14sep28,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes, 28 September 2014 An intimate meeting. We miss our absent friends, but we relish the opportunity to have a very tiny circle. We feel the heat from each others' faces on our own faces. 
 HERE: Celeste, Paige, Alex (visiting—back from the dead), Becca, Skylar, Liz, Simon [minutes-taker], Keston, Sam (visiting—Nudity), Josh 
 THORNS: unrequitable love; sleep problems; today is gonna suuuuuuck; too many things to do; gettin sick; sick and sad that Waxwing is done; one night is not enough and everyone is unhappy; time is going away tomorrow once Hype Hero starts; this meeting is not outside; (lil face) 
 ROSES: “Beauty in life can be measured in how gracefully you let go of those things that are not meant for you” -Buddha; having fun with Sweeney and excited to audition Heist and I like this bagel; did a lot of fun things this weekend I think and also getting apple cider donuts after visualizing apple cider donuts; I get paid for some of the things; parents were here and it was nice; Alex, bravery, getting unsick; being here and seeing all these adorable little people; still a nice day at this time of year & Alejandra Rivera Flaviá used to live in the same little room in the same suite that I currently inhabit! & Alex is here; this is the last time I'll be wearing clothing in this space; being at a meeting SONG 4 A FUTURE JENNIFER LAWRENCE no updates UPSPACE: WAXWING AND NUDITY Waxwing didn't overspend, so any CAC money can refill New Works and Open Jar karma money made by Waxwing will go to PW Joie and Skylar believe that we shouldn't check bags even if we have a sign saying we're not liable, we are still liable there is a precedent for us having to pay for things (and pay a lot) it's not unreasonable—people don't bring their bags to Spring Weekend and it's not an issue PW can provide Nudity with a room and clothespins if Nudity wants to accept liability for bags Sam feels strongly that we should have a bag check option; if we don't, people will just say they don't have a phone and sneak it in people who are in Nudity won't be able to run the bag check, so it would seem odd to accept liability for actions performed not by them THIS IS WHAT WE ARE DOING: advertising will say “No phones or bags”—don't advertise that there is a bag check if people do show up with stuff, there will be a bag check but we make it clear that we're not liable Skylar will look into legality with Joie Sam has received his key they will apply for grants NUDITY HMs: Monday 7-9: Celeste and Josh Tuesday 5-6:30: Wednesday 8-9:30: Thursday 7-9:30: Friday 6pm: Friday 8pm: Friday 11pm: Saturday open mic: Celeste is making a lottery event 3C2C director apps due at 5pm; meet to decide at 10pm auditions are this coming week SUNDAY SHOWS Gabe is doing a solo performance (his capstone) as late as possible probably the Sunday after December slot, in reading period Skylar will text Marty for Poler Bears contact info BMC has been contacted reach out to Gravediggers? Chris Tran is the guy to talk to 250TH WIZARDS Joie is getting us Kate Burton's contact info Skylar is looking for a good date for the recent alums panel 
 ALMOST MAINESTRIKE DEBRIEF seemed to go okay 
 #TODO: Celeste, figure out how to get non-Skylar-style pizza we should not drink during strike 
 GRANTS! I MISS YOU, MARTY! Celeste gave me a high five Marcus turned in receipts, he was under budget 
 FINANCESSean Patrick McGowan wants to donate $25/year to buy shoes for people with big feet he lives in LA and eats Kale 
 #TODO: Becca, figure out specifics of where the cutoff is 
 SPACE MAINTENANCE:  facilities has tried to fix the Downspace door SAFETY yeh ARCHIVES can we have a color poster for Almost, Maine? happy birthday, Marli PUBLICITY push Nudity and 3c2c auditions PROPOSAL PUBLICITY 
 #TODO: Celeste, make the proposal Facebook event we need quantity. quantity means it's more competitive so people write better proposals push people NOW let's get nametags for schmooze! SUBTOPIC: NEW PROPOSAL Q'S Celeste and Liz presented a new set of questions Skylar wonders if maybe we shouldn't have questions, just let people do what they want presenting questions encourages people to write a proposal they think we will want if people are really ready, they will know what to talk about this could also bring in more interesting, unique proposals should we explicitly ask how people will make a safe space? maybe people who are prepared will just answer it without being prompted but prompting will make people think about it and enshrine it as a pw value everyone has a different definition of a safe space what about a list of bullet points? (proposals tend to include this, this, and this.) let's remember, the reason we originally wanted to rewrite the proposal questions to get people to answer things that they weren't answering under the old system. this new bullet point system is actually going in the other direction—it trusts that directors who are ready know what needs to be talked about and if there are any holes, they can be addressed in the interview. let's publish past passed proposals? hold on hold on! let's not focus too much on these questions. after all, writing about shit and directing a play are totally different skill sets. why don't we treat directing like a craft the same way we do designing and other stuff? we should be providing more opportunities to develop the skill of directing instead of treating directing like a thing that you earn by doing other jobs BULLET POINTS? ARE WE DOING THEM? IS THERE A GOOGLE DOC? 
 #TODO: LIZ, MAKE A GOOGLE DOC I THINK A GOOGLE DOC IS HAPPENING 
 BUSINESS soccer tonight! bring your Brown ID! if we have too few people, we forfeit… 
 #TODO: Marty the scheduling czarina, reschedule fall break meeting plz #VISIONS meeting attendance (Becca) no updates minutes/14sep28.txt · Last modified: 2014/09/28 12:22 by shenriques"
16mar6,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes, March 6th, 2016 
 HERE: Fletcher; Jonathan (visiting); Andrew; Liesl; Liz; Ada; Devon; Jenn; Raphae; Marina (visiting); Naiyah (visiting); Josh; Becca; Marty; Austin (Raphae's friend) 
 THORNS: not always feeling like myself and i'm in charge of an in-house housing lottery and it's blehhhhh; everytime i go out, i have an existential crisis because i feel like an old person and i dont know what to do, everyone is talking and laughing and i dont understand, i feel like im watching from behind a little spaceship and its' very weird and i feel lame about how much art i make, i don't know if i should make more; lost my house keys and i was locked out of my room and i slept in bed; it's really scary when other people have control over your thought process, is it scarier when they know what they're doing or when they don't; during midsummer, i had an itch on my back hthe entire time and i don't even remember the frickin' play, slipped the scaff and bruised my hip; putting too much energy into the wrong places; i have an orgo exam on tuesday and i haven't studied; we can't stay with our friend in new york; chafing while i run; really exhausted and haven't done anything this weekend; raphaes bagel, its raphaes bagel; your body forgets how to metabolize poison in your body and my uber driver was very chatty; tried to wake up this morning to read kierkegard and felt very sleepy; really shitty beginning of the week but it got better; way too many things i want to work on, not enough hours in the day to do them; want to be a person who makes their visions come true and sometimes i do not think i know what my visions are; staying up too late 
 ROSES: for the first time, i woke up before this meeting and did something productive, i made a cone out of paper; andrew made me a grilled cheese and brought it to me in bed; the upside of frying my hair with bleach and i can not wash it for a super long time and it doesn't look oily; josh saw my doppelganger; kim neir is the best and met everyone; seeing people you love; my friends came to visit me; drove up from north carolina to visit my best friend; my mom is coming today to see midsummer; raphaes bagel, it looks really good; best birthday ever surrounded by lovers and love; decided to be a real person and went to a party and got velly velly drunk n' high; thought back to when i was a freshman and couldn't understand kierkegard and now i do! but i am also going to be homeless in berlin next year; tallgrass is beautiful; painting; went to see a nuts-ass play at 95 empire 'since everything'– crazy shit that makes no sense–> 'fuck capitalism' and an old canadian man was sitting next to me and said 'i like capitalism'; it was my nieces first birthday, playing games TALLGRASS: going well!! no weird front of house stuff–regular ol' HM speech in the space safety inspection tomorow, monday at 4:45pm plats tuesday night will have a content warning-fog, haze, strobe, violent themes, gunshot/thunder there will be runs all week if board members want to go #TODO devon send the board the schedule of runs HM's: friday 8:00pm: luke and josh saturday 6:00pm: becca and evan saturday 9:00pm: liesl and jenn sunday 8:00pm: raphae and ada monday 8:00pm: devon and liz jonathan will do eventbryte on wednesday THE FLICK EPs: Liz and Ada, Cameron? Naiyah: we won $350 grant monayyyy! we have light designers yayaya! team is full! if anyone wants to carry heavy theatre chairs to pw, let josh know!!! #TODO josh remind naiyah to remind cast to come to strike started rehearsal, badass cast UPFEST/
 UPSPACE#TODO reach out to groups and make sure they're okay with any spatial orientation of the space–if they have any specific requests #TODO we have to paint the upspace during tallgrass strike upsquad made responsibilities of HMs for upfest clear; what do the groups need for tech? #TODO becca, send out schedule tonight/tomorrow morning deadline for performers is tomorrow (3/7) at noon #TODO josh, need to make poster tomorrow, monday make it clear to the groups it's free! performance craft week: 0-12 people came to the workshops! it was neat! #TODO upsquad to meet and decide on policies, constitution! collect karma! NEW MEMS 
 #TODO: EVERYONE ENCOURAGE BUDDIES TO COME TO MEETINGS #TODO evan make poster by tomorrow morning, write: come to meetings! luke: brianna is buddy, meeting with her today devon: abby meeting with her wednesday ivanna: have met, working on draft raphae: rachel buddy, met yesterday becca: met with marielle, going well liesl: duncan, meeting next week marty: matt, going to meet andrew: #TODO reach out to erin reifler #TODO in HM speeches, say that we are still accepting applications #TODO everyone share new mems on FB 
 GRANTS new works: meeting after this open jar: just gave marty's week $82.36, we have $370 left FINANCE$ quote from last year, expired, new quote from vangar, we're going to order the plats on monday! set a delivery time and date so expect and email with further details #TODO ada get them to fill out a supply and registration form luke submitted TWITS receipts, put it in budget spreadsheet, getting supplies from high output and adlers, getting measuring tape, crescent wrench, allan wrench hi-output invoices are all set rights are all paid! antig all good josh is good on reimbursements for paint! SPACE MAINTENANCE #TODO raphae buy laundry detergent and paper towels SAFETY safety inspection tomorrow at 4:45pm WITS marty and liesl are EPs deadline is ??? #TODO marty make facebook event budget: same as TWITS $350???? we can say budget TBD publicly basically TWITS in the downspace–encourage people who are not necessarily doing theatre email listservs–VISA, MUS, MEME, RISD, TAPS, LITA have an art museum, public, open component, not just theatre, miranda friel!!! mural!!!! if there are auditions, they must be open need a team?! we can help you find one! there will be buddies! ALUMNI WIZARDS rebecca rouse–part of upfest, coming on the 20th, sunday at 2:00pm sam, jenny and andrew will be coming late in semester-thanks dev! SOCIAL MEDIA/ COMMUNITY OUTREACH #TODO ada post on insta #TODO boost tallgrass #TODO boost new mems #TODO boost upfest EMAIL: tallgrass new mems wits upfest strike 
 
 BUSINESS:   MF: marina and naiyah, brown theatre collective, helps board collaborate and communicate better–>website based off group at yale 'drama coalition', has all theatre opportunities, directory, guides, showpackets, proposals; a group less focused on production and more focused on getting everything done! patti and kym are doing workshop over the summer–would love access to PW–can they use the space? yes! do we charge rent from theatre bridge? paid pw as a group to use our space. let's find out how much theatre bridge paid us so that we can get the same from the department. josh is hired!!!!!!! evan met with cherise and joie–> NITUS, not having DPS guards, down with it need to be very careful with the phone check, last year someones phone got stolen/lost–do an actual phone check with a tag/number! if we take it into a locked space it becomes our responsibility archives, we need pictures for website–> #TODO luke has pictures from crimes, 11a (evan wants to edit them), marat/sade, antigonick (#TODO evan send pictures to marty) #TODO evan, luke, marty get pictures on website, facebook #TODO evan reach out to jason to see if he cares which pictures are on website #TODO luke– fill in cast and crew info andrew evans sent marty confetti canon, marty will have a testing session gender neutral bathrooms downstairs! pilot it with temporary signs. let's do it this week/weekend. #TODO tallgrass EP's let the team know #TODO luke will make pretty signs #TODO luke reach out to charlotte for designer handbook BTC– make handbook on their website and pw website–still pw oriented but still has useful things for everyone as board members, when we talk about the board, remember to be conscious of what you're saying because you are a representative of the board! going well!! no weird front of house stuff–regular ol' HM speech in the space safety inspection tomorow, monday at 4:45pm plats tuesday night will have a content warning-fog, haze, strobe, violent themes, gunshot/thunder there will be runs all week if board members want to go #TODO devon send the board the schedule of runs HM's: friday 8:00pm: luke and josh saturday 6:00pm: becca and evan saturday 9:00pm: liesl and jenn sunday 8:00pm: raphae and ada monday 8:00pm: devon and liz jonathan will do eventbryte on wednesday minutes/16mar6.txt · Last modified: 2016/03/10 20:56 by fbell"
15sep13,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes, 13 September 2015 
 HERE: Josh, Liz, Keston, Becca, Fletcher, Jenn, Evan, Ada, Emily Garrison, Ezra DG, James, Kayla, Leisel, Jamie, Naiyah, Josh, Matt 
 THORNS: sleeping with snot in nose, tired, baseline mood irritation, brown is crazy, lot of stuff happening, can't pick classes, woke up on the wrong side of the bed, orientation is wack, parents found zip-lock of little weed chunk, tried to return mayo to east side and met failure, hates waking up to emails, no donuts despite sexy freshmen, uncertainty, biting off too much and wanting to bite more, lots of reading. 
 ROSES: it's still the weekend, lot of good things on the plate, beach morning, great nights sleep, finished to-do list, great friends, loving providence, water-bottle-sized pooch, spent great day outside, loves waterfire and life, pw is a mystical wonderland where freshmen can make beautiful things, great first weekend and greta tiny starla show, happy to be here in p-town with friends, great saturday night! Crimes of the Heart: Sound designer, Ginger, needs help hanging speakers-waiting for Jamie to tell us when she wants to do so. Fletcher will help. looking for cot/trundle bed. does anyone have one? #TODO anyone want to poster run tonight? plats will happen next week, likely wednesday. full run on this tuesday, everyone invited at 7:30pm. Marat/Sade: HAVE A CAST! WAHOO! looking for assistant sound and painters josh has received scripts, will drop off at rehearsal #TODO Upspace: midori and sam must pay us for black paint—$25. will bring it tonight. DON’T TOUCH PIANO!!! keston and evan will make check-list of most important rules. #TODO upspace shows must submit the content of their show—spray painting,etc. to verify that it’s alright with us so ben, tell us what questionable things you may be bringing into the upspace. #TODO super-secret next week—becca is liaison to evan and liz Emily Garrison's upspace show: ezra needs massive plats—will reach out to freshmen for building. josh thinks seating plats could be cheaper solution. they will be paying for rights—waiting to hear about open jar Grants: evan: set up relationship with open jar guy #TODO New Works: almost $2,000 right now—goes into raised funds if it rolls over Ada: update grants #TODO New works: $350 for super secret keston: getting in contact with the mess with the audience grant lady. #TODO 
 FINANCES: paid for rights—marat/sade payment has yet to go into our account. ? Jenn- need a new reimbursement sheet and we need to count our bank #TODO 
 SPACE MAINTENANCE: : ada cleaned box office yay ada! does someone want to sweep or mop the BO? EVERYONE LOOK AT YOUR ROOMS!!!!! #TODO safety officer: liz needs training to deal with our hazardous waste people can now be safety trained with josh—working hard to have paper trail for everything, shop especially, we all must have meeting to go over safety plan with steph santucci. #TODO josh will send us thing we will not read gonna be a huge hard ass outerspace: friday afternoon, oct. 2nd becca and fletcher will send email to possible performers and include in pw email #TODO apple cider outerspice donuts publicity: come to crimes of the heart come get doctors appointments at great expectations on tuesday, ten miutes, sign up on Facebook event evan: will email with info auditions for 11 apocalypses should our Facebook page publicize other brown events??? yes! who is managing instagram? ADA AND JENN ARE TAKING DIS SHIT OVER! luke send pictures from archives/TBT tuesday. #TODO 3C2C: PLAYS DUE SEPTEMBER 25TH, Friday, 5pm, HARD COPY IN BO, NO EXTENSIONS DIRECTOR APPS DUE MONDAY 28TH, 5:00PM EMAILED INTO PW EMAIL. PAGE NEEDS TO BE MADE TODAY—JENN #TODO EPS: ben silver, on look-out for another EP looking for people (freshies) to do sound, lighting and stage management. if you stage manage, you will have your stage management requirement fulfilled morning mailman: Ben Silver 
 
 BUSINESS:   eps for 11 apoc: becca jenn working on leave taking form. #TODO ada: digital pictures of spring season? send them to ada for website keep trinity stuff on facebook emily: co-hosting event at beginning of october w/ SOTG? will be in touch with marty becca put links to jobs on email #TODO HATERS HATIN' ON PW MEETINGS. FUCK 'EM. Sound designer, Ginger, needs help hanging speakers-waiting for Jamie to tell us when she wants to do so. Fletcher will help. looking for cot/trundle bed. does anyone have one? #TODO anyone want to poster run tonight? plats will happen next week, likely wednesday. full run on this tuesday, everyone invited at 7:30pm. minutes/15sep13.txt · Last modified: 2016/01/25 15:48 by fbell"
16feb23,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes, Feb.14th, 2016 
 HERE: Ada, Raphae, Liz, Liesl, Andrew, Fletch, Becca, Cameron, Jake (visiting) Jenn, Marty (late), Devon (late), Josh (late) 
 THORNS: being perplexed; procrastination; i live in this crazy perpetual state of mixed messages and it's never going to change and i'm so over it; boy oh boy do i have a lot of reading to do and i've done so much, 'tis a treadmill; i don't know; met phil and danny on thayer and bought him a nutritious juice, but then it just made me feel very sad; overwhelmed with amazing creative projects; too much, too much, too much! can't stop doing too much and probably always will; tough to leave a break; being let down by people and not having the courage to do anything about it; virtual realities aren't real realities; pizza; not an ice cream cake; delayed gratification 
 ROSES: antiquing with bro; signed new people into the team; applied to first job; i love my costume for midsummer; i don't know; soren kierkegaard, lot over content overlap so i blow my profs fucking minds on my papers by using shit from my other classes; took all my friends home and had a fantastic weekend; flying to houston this weekend to see my brother in a musical in a surprise fashion; had awesome brooklyn weekend and saw hunchback of seville; had good conversation about PW; luke's bringing ice cream; took off the past two days, D BO came from new york and she's cool, i started smoking weed for the first time in two months; first time josh came home in months to get weed stuff; facing fears TWITS: going well!! had tech this weekend–still finishing up painting tix on sale wednesday nite–#TODO raphae help with eventbryte #TODO raphae teach board about eventbryte got money for new works grant!!! need a menu!!! steal it from a chain!!! EPs should be thinking about taiko!!!! reach out to them and make sure they are not having rehearsals during performances. we ask the show folks to reach out to taiko. #TODO board come to design runs all this week at 9pm #TODO board plats tomorrow at 11pm #TODO fletcher send email reminding about plats HM's: friday 8pm: devon and luke saturday 8pm: ada and jenn sunday 2pm: raphae and liz sunday 7pm: becca and marty monday 8pm: fletcher and andrew #TODO BOARD, CHAMPAGNE AT 9:00PM ON FRIDAY!!!! TALLGRASS GOTHIC #TODO becca, put light hang and paint schedules in email, #TODO becca forward this email to ada mattress on set? mattresses are fine, if they are dorm mattresses!!! if they don't want to use dorm mattresses… put sheets on platform, make it look like a bed. can blankets be a problem? yes. buy flame resistant blankets? meh!!!! flamex sheets? body coming into contact with toxins–LEAST DETRIMENTAL options is to just use sheets on the bed. ladder discussion–can't go up to grid. EPs talked to about rehearsing in space during TWITS performance, not going to do it!! 
 UPSPACEgive francis bogan upspace!!! march 1st-5th–this did not end up working #TODO Ada tell evan #TODO luke, schedule wizards week. let's do wizards week! teaching people how to do things week! IDEA: INVITE BURP?! cookies and snuggle party with everyone who is in a show this week. UPFEST #TODO cameron reach out to skorts email the groups again, make deadline by which we need to have performers/performances set. who can do tech for this? the person who is HMing will set up tech for this. leave TWITS lights up #TODO everyone fill out responses SUNDAY SHOWS sunday shows lumped into upfest!! WITS we need to talk about WITS. #TODO fletch add WITS to agenda, we gotta talk about what we're gonna do for this decision meeting after new mems FINANCE$ #TODO ada talk to devon about plats, who talked to austin last semester #TODO andrew, upload budget spreadsheet, #TODO ada, help austin out with filling out fall information devon: dude makes plats for department, can do it for less than $20,000–gave us money for specific line item–NOT GOING TO DO IT. IF SOMEONE wants to look into this, they can, but if not, let's keep to our plan. NOT GONNA DO IT. GRAAAAAAAANTS open jar: … new works: TWITS got $150, SAFETY safe–a little concerned about ladder going up to grid ten foot practical ladder against barn connected to decorative? andrew's choice! NEW MEMS: new mems is now scheduled for march 19th! start meeting at 8am and seniors/gala people will leave early! first event for new board members will be week before spring break #TODO jenn book room for this! #TODO jenn bring in comments on new mems have a pre-meeting to talk about what we're going to talk about going into our new mems conversation we need to have specific recruiting tactics for new mems, #TODO jenn, make spreadsheet to put recruiting information, everyone sign up to reach out to 2-3 people, not everyone will have to do this and people should reach out to people they have relationships with read only your own buddies apps? not helping others with their applications? standardizing what advice we are giving buddies. we need to be responsible for ourselves, know if we are being good buddies or not–everyone gets a buddy and a second reader people who aren't as eager to be buddies sign up at second readers! #TODO jenn make facebook event for new mems schmooze will be on march 2nd we need to start reaching out to people this week! #TODO raphae, put our schmooze in morning mail #TODO everyone, mention in HM speech that we are accepting new member applications 
 SPACE MAINTENANCE:  how are we going to dispose of plats we aren't going to use in the upspace? reach out to departments at RISD who might want to materials–soooon #TODO liesl reach out to bugs and BOP about plats, do they want 'em? save one plat and vandalize the fuck out of it– #TODO raphae, make spreadsheet to organize plat repurposing 
 UPSPACEAND DOWNSPACE BOTH HAVE SOUND CABLE AYAYYAYAYAYA!!!! all is well in the world. SOCIAL MEDIA/ COMMUNITY OUTREACH responses in doc! yay! putting statement in BDH PWOM will be in april, either april, 8th, 9th new mems schmooze on march 2nd–EPs check in with shows PUBLICITY: schmooze twits tallgrass–light hangs Luke's week in upspace feedback form upfest–do you want to perform? 
 
 BUSINESS:   grants system HARVARDDDD!!!! got a fucking grant to go visit another school's student-run theatre organization—they want advice from us about how to co-exist with/without theatre department #TODO cameron figure out scheduling with harvard friends #TODO devon meeting with alumnus to talk about doing alum, becca go with devon to talk to this cool laday margaret mauer sent cool race and power workshop idea–more info forthcoming #TODO luke- loaning fog machine to impulse, will be used in alumni hall, luke will tell them that we are not liable and show them how to use it luke set up system so that you can hear upspace while you are in the upspace booth!!!!! THANK YOU LUKE!!! luke figured out how to fix space monitor in dr2!!?!?!?!? amazing! #TODO evan get in touch w/ NITUS people in touch with joie steele ada going to start moving library stuff into hallway benches!!! liz, start brainstorming ways about how to make this first event for new board members the craziest one ever!!! #TODO raphae should teach eventbryte–MAKE GUIDE for eventbryte. #TODO everyone, jenn made feedback form, respond to it and put your name next to the ones you've reviewed going well!! had tech this weekend–still finishing up painting tix on sale wednesday nite–#TODO raphae help with eventbryte #TODO raphae teach board about eventbryte got money for new works grant!!! need a menu!!! steal it from a chain!!! EPs should be thinking about taiko!!!! reach out to them and make sure they are not having rehearsals during performances. we ask the show folks to reach out to taiko. #TODO board come to design runs all this week at 9pm #TODO board plats tomorrow at 11pm #TODO fletcher send email reminding about plats HM's: friday 8pm: devon and luke saturday 8pm: ada and jenn sunday 2pm: raphae and liz sunday 7pm: becca and marty monday 8pm: fletcher and andrew #TODO BOARD, CHAMPAGNE AT 9:00PM ON FRIDAY!!!! minutes/16feb23.txt · Last modified: 2016/02/27 18:15 by fbell"
15apr26,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes, 26 April 2015 
 HERE: Emma (visiting), Austin, Celeste, Devon, Luke, Ada, Andrew, Becca B., Bailey (visiting), Simon [minutes-taker], Ben C., Grant (visiting), Ellie (visiting), dog (visiting), Fletcher, Becca M., Skylar, Jenn, Keston, Liz 
 THORNS: being inside on nice days; tired; royally fucked for French project; had to bring dog to bathroom to shower; long days; week was hard; breathing, eating, and sleeping all hurt; no face lotion and frustrating dancers; so busy that I'm losing touch with people; software problems with phone; allergy; June 1; never filed taxes and it's scary; —; large crowds; feel like shit; tired; don't know what the frick I'm doing this summer; not enough time to do all the things I need to do 
 ROSES: bowling and the bowling alley turned into a club; wasted; dog and great roommates; directing for SOTG next semester; people that I love; things came together and I get to be a person again; watching my mom play viola; Emma is here; here and excited; secretly 40; Becca got into med school; April 26; being here; saw friends sing and saw Emma's silhouette and Deadsville; breakfast with Emma; slept a lot last night; meeting people; great night seeing talented friends; “I don't really have a rose, but things are okay, in general. It's fine” FIVE YEARS AGO it opened! strike is on Monday at 9:45 (be there at 9:30) take down seating plats before duv (all lights are above plats) JOBS: Austin - run strike, Liz - scaffolding and other space things, Jenn - plats and BO, Becca M. - duv, Devon - chairs and plats and props, Luke - chairs and plats and lights, Ada - upspace, Andrew - plats and lights, Becca B. - destroy the set or shop, Ben C. - electrics, Fletcher - lights, Deadsville will be very late IN2 THA WOODZ they will do a Thursday matinee ITW, let us know when you want plats set up set meeting coming up(?) OUTERSPACE Friday 5/8 BMC is going to help monitor and set up plats GRAAAANTS!! just got a New Works application for Deadsville FALL@PW Ellie got a jacket need props, TD, ASM PM should start coming to meetings Jenn is mentoring her Ada is EPing with Liz FINANCE$ we put in a request for hard hats 
 #TODO: Andrew and Ada, let Austin know how much money we have so he can make sure we spend it all 
 UPSPACESam is here! improvised play one night, maybe also an open improv jam, mayyybe a movie night? probably Thursday and/or Friday, 8-10ish 
 SPACE MAINTENANCE:  the back stairs are pretty dang awful SAFETY we're getting hard hats only for people who are catching lights “Wearing a seatbelt is consenting to crash.” -FB MF CONTRACT the people (Devon and Becca B.) will never meet apparently Interjection: Andrew is lying on the floor and the dog is licking his face SCHEDULING Outerspace 5/8 visions is on 5/9 
 #TODO: Celeste and Ada are compiling the list jobs bbq over email PUBLICITY assistants for ITW 
 BUSINESS summer job is expanding to all day Skylar is working on getting more money for whoever does it Luke and Andrew are down to plan renish, Becca B. will help mentor 
 #TODO: Austin, get Luke his keys #VISIONS - it opened! strike is on Monday at 9:45 (be there at 9:30) take down seating plats before duv (all lights are above plats) JOBS: Austin - run strike, Liz - scaffolding and other space things, Jenn - plats and BO, Becca M. - duv, Devon - chairs and plats and props, Luke - chairs and plats and lights, Ada - upspace, Andrew - plats and lights, Becca B. - destroy the set or shop, Ben C. - electrics, Fletcher - lights, Deadsville will be very late minutes/15apr26.txt · Last modified: 2015/04/26 11:53 by shenriques"
16feb28,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes, Feb.28th, 2016 
 HERE: Liz, Devon, Becca, Luke, Liesl, Marty, Ezra, Jake (visiting), Paulina, Evan, Raphae, Matt (visiting), John (visiting) 
 THORNS: i've been a lazy fuck; no thorn!; stress and procrastination; trying to do things which involve significant involvement on my part which i don't want to give; don;t know what i'm doing this summer; lots of little stressors; soy yogurt and it was not good; feeling like trash can; having a ton of work and being delusional about that and people say weird things; need to figure out how to put up a site in the downspace; trying to stay in contact with friends in other countries; the stars are crossed so i'm a little nervous and i hope nothing goes up in; 1,800 miles 
 ROSES: kim nir is en route to prov; moments when the universe is like, i know exactly what you need and orchaestrates a series of events to make it happen, re-downloaded tinder and it's hilarious; i saw raphae and a dog ran by; two medium pizzas for $5.99 each t 1AM; lots of good food; going to be bolt leader next year; went to lecture in german and i understood everything professor said; i am a blessed trash can, i live a blessed life; cuddling and lots of it; i've got this lovely muffin and my mom sent me a picture of my puppy; my friend showed me a movie called adventures of foodboy; donuts which i will release now and my friends are the bestest friends in the world and i love them; escape the broom; berit james neath; liz is always there and jenn is happy for her; TWITS: opened this weekend!! it's amazing! l buzzing noise in the oopspace is perpetual. it kinda works aesthetically. will taiko be drumming during tonight's performance? marty has reached out. lights can be left in the space! #TODO luke talk to matt to clarify strike: luke: lights and cable liesl: paint and lights marty: lead ezra: will be late, furniture evan: will be at rehearsal until 11, paint raphae: paint becca: costumes and clean all the upspace stuff fletcher: booths ada: props #TODO signatories, get receipts from Jake for reimbursements Strike: monday @ 9:30pm TALLGRASS GOTHIC in the process of hanging lights design run on wednesday at 9pm Matt: in space this afternoon 12-6, mwf 3-7pm, #TODO becca send out in email #TODO EP'S make sure tallgrass has all keys #TODO devon and luke pick day for showpacket meeting #TODO EP's figure out if tallgrass can accomodate marcus' show 
 UPSPACEcool week organized by luke and evan–looks amazing!!! so many workshops!! there should be one board member at each one of them #TODO luke assign monitors saturday–interdisciplinary arts workshop–evan reached out to people outside of pw community, these will be leaders to guide non-stop experimentation-push this as a culminating event where everyone is encouraged to come and play what do we need for materials? #TODO luke and evan apply to new works evan meeting with NITUS tomorrow–addressing possibility of training students to be security rather than having a security team. UPFEST #TODO becca send the board the spreadsheet with the groups get schedule solidified by next sunday #TODO upsquad re-reach out to groups TODAY (2/28) WITS scheduled, #TODO marty and liesl are EPing apps due march 21st, we'll have the week before spring break to read them and decide before spring break so people can find their teams reach out to NON-theatre people!!!! gather material from upfest. PWOM on evan's moms birthay party #TODO ada reach out to the flick and confirm that we can have pwom either friday 4/8 or saturday 4/9 #TODO ada and becca (EP's) reach out about showtimes FINANCE$ need to make sure we have paid for rights for antigonick, we sent them the registration form, rights people haven't responded PO days are Monday, Wednesday, Friday #TODO luke get stuff from high output #TODO devon needs to get reimbursed budget spreadsheet online! thanks andrew!! GRAAAAAAAANTS open jar: david bowie week, #TODO let's meet and chat open jar team new works: nothing changed, expecting app from performance week #TODO luke reach out to marielle SAFETY we r Marshall (safe) ladder issue for tallgrass is gud tallgrass is using fogger and hazer–warning to audience! NEW MEMS: in morning mail, in connie's listserv apps are due wednesday march 16th, decision meeting #TODO ada update website for new mems info let's rely on avenues than facebook–only our friends will apply #TODO everyone, write in jenn maley's document about new places to advertise buddy updates: becca-marielle, waiting to hear liesl-duncan, waiting to hear marty-matt, met, went well ezra-polina, in email exchange, meeting today at four jenn-ivanna– update? SPACE MAINTENANCE make sure you uncrash doors when you crash them for performance! #TODO luke, we need a new allen wrench set, they are not the right size and so its super annoying to crash the door–get it at adler's? SOCIAL MEDIA/ COMMUNITY OUTREACH can we print posters for free, #TODO josh? postering locations? push performance craft week! put meeting times on facebook-whenever we change meeting time!! facebook is good! public calendar should be updated. #TODO becca, write TBD for meeting times if they are not determined. PUBLICITY: performance craft schmooze new mems wits applications hanging lights upfest twits get pumped for tallgrass strike 
 
 BUSINESS:   andrew: could someone put guard on table saw jenn will bring advertising info to meeting next #TODO fletcher put alum wizards on agenda how can we make students donate to karma? say where karma actually goes! say something specifically to students? we make it seem insignificant sometimes–>we're trying to pull a bernie and crowd-fund dis shit #TODO board members, check in with furniture, ezra, if they want to modify furniture anything you can do to furniture, with the exception of chopping in half, you can undo. people should be able to alter furniture, but they should ask before. #TODO MARTY AND RAPHAE WRITE THE PWAQ opened this weekend!! it's amazing! l buzzing noise in the oopspace is perpetual. it kinda works aesthetically. will taiko be drumming during tonight's performance? marty has reached out. lights can be left in the space! #TODO luke talk to matt to clarify strike: luke: lights and cable liesl: paint and lights marty: lead ezra: will be late, furniture evan: will be at rehearsal until 11, paint raphae: paint becca: costumes and clean all the upspace stuff fletcher: booths ada: props #TODO signatories, get receipts from Jake for reimbursements Strike: monday @ 9:30pm minutes/16feb28.txt · Last modified: 2016/03/06 00:35 by fbell"
14oct25,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes, 25 October 2014 We had a short meeting to get a taste of our super long meeting tomorrow! Yaaaaay! 
 HERE: Marty, Skylar, Alex (visiting), Becca, Liz, Celeste, Ben, Fletcher, Simon [minutes-taker], Evan 
 THORNS: always feel stressed in the morning; not sleeping; feel like about to die; might have stomach cancer (symptom is tummyache); eight hours on planes yesterday; no time to do anything except what I absolutely have to do; weekend is not a weekend; Brown Band woke me up; when will it be my turn; still haven't gotten all the make-up off & chain-smoked last night but have to sing a solo; miss Becca lots 'n' lots; soooo many things and not enough day 
 ROSES: more fun this weekend than thought & dad is here; seeing people makes me happier than it usually does; friends are nice; email from Celeste; in New England; dream where Skylar/Becca/Liz/Celeste were at a party at a nonexistent frat with Harrison Chad, thought he should go outside because his laptop was outside and might get stolen, went to sleep and they were all at his door with Sarah, they said they slept over in my room, he was confused and went to look and my room was three times its actual size with two huge beds and a handmade wooden ping-pong table; excited to dive into work; played a melodica (dream since high school) (you're welcome, Marty); crazy night; amazing night with Myra Citrin, scotch connoisseur; friend's parents are here & my parents are not here STRIKE DEBRIEF timing was weird: lights were down and rooms were clean but set was still coming down not enough screw guns we usually get xtra-large pizza treating strike as a teaching opportunity (giving inexperienced people screw guns) uses up everyone's time—not necessarily fair to the people who aren't learning and still have to stay until the end if people want to learn, there are lots of other chances to learn also, poorly-built sets (stripped screws) make strike less productive it's a matter of balance: let's say 2/3 experienced screw gunners, 1/3 new folks board does not drink during strike 
 UPSPACEHMs for Noah's thing Tuesday 3: Celeste Wednesday 9: Marty Thursday 5: Ben 3C2C STRIKE all lights are staying in the space plats can stay in the corner lots of freshmen, be respectful official start time is 9:45 MONSTER BALL we're photoshopping our faces onto horror movie stills 
 #TODO: publicity people, make Facebook event 9:30 is call for us liquor and snacks committee: Celeste and Ben (we need red cups AND clear cups, also ice) decor committee: Liz, Evan(?), Marty(?) (look in props room first) it is a party, but it's our job to make sure other people don't fuck up Cabaret knows it's happening would be cool if we had light effects should we sell food? popcorn? fun-size candy? SUNDAY SHOWS Marty is rejoining the Sunday Show team 
 #TODO: Skylar, send Marty everything you have scheduled for this semester 250TH WIZARDS nothing, still, I think? ......grants student groups might be able to register for Zipcar at a discount let's wait until the board doesn't have any cars (we don't have to use every grant always) tell designers to ask their friends who have cars if they can use them rather than using a board member's car 
 FINANCESapparently we haven't been paying High Output? decorations and liquor and snacks can come out of karma but however much money we take out of karma should be put back in karma, then the rest can go in our own funds 
 SPACE MAINTENANCE:  the ticking, oh, the ticking huge secret stain (ghost/vampire semen?) on one of the duv panels at workday, let's mark duv as good or bad they keep fixing the downstairs door and it keeps not working SAFETY chair rack is dangerous and it hurt Marty equilibrium position (no chairs) is very tilty a new one is clearly not going to be built; we need to buy a new one we will stop using the rack ARCHIVES meeting soon PUBLICITY i guess nothing NEW MEMS let's make the Facebook event more specific we will get here at 11 on Wednesday to set up for the schmooze SCHEDULING christmas party wait until after new mems laser tag letter team: Celeste, Fletcher workday Becca will plan workday Liz will work with MF to schedule, as liaison we will try for the 13th/14th visions will happen after new mems but we can schedule it before we get them let's try and have a longer and more relaxed visions 
 #TODO: everyone, check 12/8-12/11 to see when we're free how can you know who we want on the board without knowing what the board is? new mems is Saturday 11/8 inish it will be Thursday 11/13 December slot EPs should let the director know asap 
 BUSINESS soccer is at 8 on Sunday introduce yourselves to people at 3c2c strike #VISIONS nothing this week except for talking about when to do visions or minivisions timing was weird: lights were down and rooms were clean but set was still coming down not enough screw guns we usually get xtra-large pizza treating strike as a teaching opportunity (giving inexperienced people screw guns) uses up everyone's time—not necessarily fair to the people who aren't learning and still have to stay until the end if people want to learn, there are lots of other chances to learn also, poorly-built sets (stripped screws) make strike less productive it's a matter of balance: let's say 2/3 experienced screw gunners, 1/3 new folks board does not drink during strike minutes/14oct25.txt · Last modified: 2014/10/25 18:44 by shenriques"
15feb08,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes, 8 February 2015 
 HERE: Celeste, Fletcher [minutes-taker], Liz, Andrew, Devon, Cameron (visiting), Ezra (visiting), Becca, Keston, Ben C., Ben S., Jenn, Skylar, Austin, Ada 
 THORNS: Reading, totally booked, what is squash, sad news,will they fail, 11-5 hw, lint in finger, bad habits, i'm older than miss universe, v sick, melancholy, “dick in your mouth” girl in a car, long day, watch is 6 min behind and i can't trust analog, what happened to my phone in the night 
 ROSES: Simon as God, Wonderland, lifes' goin pretty well, lots to be thankful for, big productive plans, pw inner circle, wonderland, wonderland + good vibes, it's never too late, $2 wrigley coupon, i just saw the best dog i have ever seen, funny high science movie that was better because i knew it was all bullshit, excited for run of leo baum, fell asleep eating godiva cheesecake, you all are cool and so is wonderland WONDERLAND HMs for today figured out purpose of HMs we provide them, so it does not matter what they want us to do if you see the show, see the show not being an HM strike this already happened so I'm not going to copy these notes BERNARDA ALBA IN THE HOUSE set is not currently going to work Skylar said “it's not that original” Sam is here! still needs a PM going to TA3 put it the email we need a mentor for the PM nobody wants to do it, but it's just a meeting and a phone number Becca and Andrew will hotseat if no one will do it Liz will mentor if we get a freshman Stephanie wants flameproof sheets we are just going to present the set without them keep some plats in the room from Wonderland wants rehearsal lights “Austin, do you have my groundplans?” “Yes, they're in my office.” Austin has an office. It's in the Biomed center Sam is going to have a gallery in the upspace can apply to New Works Fletcher got yelled at for making a joke 
 UPSPACEWriting is Undead got no submissions :( could we still provide a forum for shorter shit? is it a thing where we did it to let people know about it in years to come people flake. damn. this note taker became very sad upon hearing this Ben S.: a vague theater company NTEF does things in a way that makes them feasible (i.e. beore break a sample then flesh out over Christmas break [Christmas not Chanukah]) Skylar says no, NTEF sucks Spencer's show needs to strike by 11:59pm on Saturday TWITS Liesl is doing lights reminder that this is a board produced show SPRING @ PW Nikka is doing great Andy Colpitts is doing Orlando on the owncloud Jonathan Adams is doing a crazy show needs to email Josh Dylan is proposing Into the Woods Josh should check with MTI, rights take longer than usual GRaaAAAaAaAAAAAAAAAAAaaaNTS!!! New Works two apps going to be decided at strike Open Jar nobody has applied FINANCE$ Ada is going to be trained Wonderland things are going in Budget due on March 7th Austin is going to work with Ada and Andrew when you request money it's for the specific item but since we already have the money, Andrew is going to see if we can change it to be for other things 
 SPACE MAINTENANCE:  upspace leak Brown is not reroofing the building we should go up on the roof in the fall and clear the gutters BMC needs an interim key SAFETY let's hope Wonderland doesn't burn down Sam's show is still not safe 
 BUSINESS board brunch on the long weekend, freshman brunch, pwaq Austin?, new Instagram called production.workshop, pw softball let’s get it going, make lobby have more painted things box office and upspace, #TODO everyone send Austin your choices about workday during finals, Devon bought Austin crackers because they are Austin brand #VISIONS we are BLIND and have NO VISIONS HMs for today figured out purpose of HMs we provide them, so it does not matter what they want us to do if you see the show, see the show not being an HM strike this already happened so I'm not going to copy these notes minutes/15feb08.txt · Last modified: 2015/02/14 12:00 by shenriques"
14oct05,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes, 5 October 2014 The tall European women are back. We all know it. We all feel it. We're all diggin it. 
 HERE: Dylan (visiting—Song), Fletcher, Celeste, Becca, Keston, Andrew, Marty, Ezra (visiting), Grant (visiting—MF), Evan, Emily (visiting), Jenn (visiting—Upspace), Skylar, Liz, Austin, Simon [minutes-taker] 
 THORNS: almost have a cast; crashed Phaedrus and fucked up leg a little bit; charlie horse and headache; miss high school friend; don't have wallet; hard choices; regular sheets don't fit our beds; no one is bringing donuts?!; none; fasting is still fasting; computer software I don't know how to use; 11am is early; rehearsal and soccer conflict; Justin left secretly; night ended with vomit that was not mine & roof squirrels (they are out of conTROL); eggs were not enough food 
 ROSES: almost have a cast; seeing Ursula; bacon; seeing Ursula; fun fun sleepover & Liz's impersonations; easy choices; projector for suite (last night watched “Can't Buy Me Love,” transported me to the most amazing world); woke up between sleep cycles and not tired; breakfast (abstract concept); fasting went okay; tall European girls; seeing Sweeney Todd today; fun night and seeing Sweeney; fun night with two really good visiting friends; hanging out with Andrew and Emma; made eggs SONG 4 A FUTURE JENNIFER LAWRENCE Nick paid for extra lumber, applied for CAC grant apply to Science and Society dept, Dean's Discretionary Grant Late Night Fund is over for this year?! Trinity's prop shop was empty but useful materials found at RISD 
 UPSPACENudity happened, they will paint Jenn is moving in, has signed her contract show times: Tuesday 4:15 Wednesday 5:00 (tentative, will know today) Saturday 4:00 (Open Improv Jam) Saturday 8:00 3C2C auditions yesterday and today Fletcher is EPing with Marty 3c2c is applying to New Works will they get the money? WHO KNOWS LET'S CROSS OUR FINGERS but wait! There's plenty of new work going on that will apply to the grant 3c2c is family weekend and will thus likely make a fair amount of karma maybe makes more sense to take 3c2c budget out of our own budget SUNDAY SHOWS schmoozing is performance BMC requested two dates but they are no good 
 #TODO: Marty, cc Skylar into an email with Poler Bears Gabe's show is happening WINTER@PW 
 #TODO: Becca, get snacks 
 #TODO: Skylar, get two boxes of wine we are performing being the board (I WAS RIGHT IN THE PREVIOUS SECTION!) don't get drunk they are more scared of you than you are of them this is not true if you can, arrive at 10pm for setup 250TH WIZARDS NO CH-CH-CH-CHANGES Andrew will take Gabe; Skylar will retake him if Andrew decides to apply 
 #TODO: everyone, meet with your buddies and remind them about the schmooze GRANT SAYS HEY, LET'S TALK ABOUT MF & STRIKE MF wants to feel more ownership of strike perhaps assign MF board strike jobs in advance? an MF rep or two will be at the PW meeting before strike for this purpose perhaps MF board introduces themselves at strike too? there is a precedent for this we like this idea, we will do it THEY'RE GRRRRRRRRRRRANTS! Liz updated description of Margaret's grant on the website SAO doesn't do reimbursements for people who have graduated people need to get dem receipts in PROMPTLY please n thank you Fletcher got in touch with benefactor who sent him a check no one has applied for Open Jar if we want to keep things that are purchased with grant money, we get dibs SAFETY we're 
 SPACE MAINTENANCE:  Marty has a broken heart #donutless ARCHIVES we need a color poster for 
 ALMOST MAINEget a Bluestockings/Nudity zine PUBLICITY push dat schmooze and 3c2c auditions and Women in Comedy 
 FINANCESBig Shoes for Big Souls (Soles?) Fund is happening for shoes 2 sizes above the US average so…13 or above for men, 11 or above for women or, ask the following questions: have people asked you what size feet you have? when the costume designer found out your shoe size, was it bad news? as the largest-footed members of the board, Austin and Simon will curate' we are waiting to act on new ladders until Stephanie Santucci gets mad about it again Austin will come with Andrew to the SAO to order new safety stuff ($5000) we're still thinking about a new chair rack will happen on workday will not have wheels 
 BUSINESS MONSHTAH BALL it will happen, we are within our usual timeline it will be Friday 10/31 soccer tonight at 7pm; be on time! have your ID! 
 #TODO: Fletcher, send a when2meet for next meeting seems a little iffy to have people spend out of pocket privileges people who can do that but where would we draw the line? there is a pw stencil in the box office Andrew is taking a step back on board stuff while he is in Heist Play will still do financial signatory duties Skylar can pick up slack on rights 
 #TODO: Skylar, ask Joie for one or two T.F. Green swipe cards for RISD board members and designers Joel will be working on the piano more in the future Jon Key will be asked about the font can we start assigning new mems buddies? sure why not pending availability say you can't do stuff when you can't do stuff, don't feel guilty also don't be afraid to say when you have been doing a lot and need help LET'S DO BOARD BONDING #VISIONS when advertising 3c2c play submissions, let people know what we're looking for in plays (Marty) how do people interact with money at PW? (Becca, Skylar) Nick paid for extra lumber, applied for CAC grant apply to Science and Society dept, Dean's Discretionary Grant Late Night Fund is over for this year?! Trinity's prop shop was empty but useful materials found at RISD minutes/14oct05.txt · Last modified: 2014/10/05 12:20 by shenriques"
15feb01,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes, 1 February 2015 hump milfies 
 HERE: Jenn, Liz, Fletcher, Devon, Celeste, Becca, Skylar, Simon [minutes-taker], Ada, Ben C., Austin, Keston, Andrew (computer ghost) 
 THORNS: postering sucks and it's cold; negative thoughts and can't express them; thornless; felt like I was dying; sick and “my tonsils feel like grapefruits”; stayed up late for no reason; no weekends (“she puts us into trances and records what we do”); general feeling of things not working out; stuck in a computer and can't strangle Celeste; hurt myself; really sick and double sick from Advil; plants died; “illusion” 
 ROSES: handsome; beautiful day; Gossip Girl; feeling considerably better and FOOTBALL; grapefruit-tonsils a handy excuse; cast the rest of the cast; writing a thesis under the guidance of Rebecca Schneider (“she sort of coerced me but it felt good”); things WILL work out!; Super Bowl and had a great weekend; fixed myself; it's a good day; gorgeous day; “perception” WONDERLAND they're IN THE BUILDING since we're not doing plats, we can help the TDs in other ways (they will email) HMs Fri 8pm: Ben (CG), Andrew (tickets) Fri 9:30pm: Andrew (CG), Becca (tickets) Sat 2pm: Keston (CG), Skylar (tickets) Sat 3:30pm: Skylar (CG), Jenn (tickets) Sat 8pm: Jenn (CG), Devon (tickets) Sat 9:30pm: Devon (CG), Fletcher (tickets) Sat 11pm: Fletcher (CG), Liz (tickets) Sun 2pm: Liz (CG), Ada (tickets) Sun 3:30pm: Ada (CG), (tickets) Sun 8pm: (CG), Celeste (tickets) Sun 9:30pm: Celeste (CG), Keston (tickets) Mon 8pm: Becca (CG), Austin (tickets) Mon 9:30pm: Austin (CG), Ben (tickets) people should come see design runs fire safety will be Wednesday BERNARDA ALBA IN THE HOUSE they need a PM someone from the show needs to be here next week 
 UPSPACEIan's thing was in here and it was cool! it had a computer program?!?! Wonderland is in here this week, Quitters Never Win after that Spencer wants someone to show him the Upspace light and sound boards 
 #TODO: Celeste, email Spencer about this SUNDAY SHOWS Brown Unheard is super interested no free Sundays for a while TWITS it's going great! Ada/Luke doing PM duties still no lighting designer, but there IS a costume designer 
 #TODO: Celeste, update the show packet SPRING @ PW buddies are all on track and meeting and stuff let's keep pushing! schmooze is Wednesday 2/11 GRaaaaa//aaaaaaaa//aaaaaaaNTS! New Works Spencer and Skylar will apply 
 #TODO: Ben C., see if Ian has some receipts that he wants reimbursed Open Jar will be filled FINANCE$ we have money 
 #TODO: Andrew, write supplemental funding request for washer/dryer fundraising three options: phone, email, letter phone is best but requires us to all be in a room at the same time (unlikely) maybe letters is a nice in-between we can mention the chairs we need more info from Joie 
 #TODO: Andrew and Austin, buy the things we said we were going to buy 
 SPACE MAINTENANCE:  the spay is mayed WRITING IS UNDEAD apps are due on Wednesday so “push that for true” we can show the benefactor that we can mount full productions in here SAFETY Austin and Stephanie are having a date “she is not madd at us currently” ARCHIVES THEY FINALLY FUCKING MET they have minutes they want to do an archives workday not everyone, but more than just the core four PUBLICITY to promote Wonderland Writing is Undead proposals Spring @ PW proposals schmooze next week way easier to invite people to stuff on Facebook now 
 BUSINESS end-of-year reception/banquet to unite all the casts/crews WITH AWARDS. DEFINITELY WITH AWARDS. 
 #TODO: Austin, take Brendan Pelsue's 3c2c play off the website 
 #TODO: Austin, PWAQ! Liz and Celeste wrote pickup lines activities fair is Wednesday 7-9, in the multipurpose room Fletcher and Keston will set up at 6 late-night brunch?! calendar and silver box need to be updated 
 #TODO: Austin and Fletcher, should schedule czarina exist? Fight it out. #VISIONS we are BLIND and have NO VISIONS they're IN THE BUILDING since we're not doing plats, we can help the TDs in other ways (they will email) HMs Fri 8pm: Ben (CG), Andrew (tickets) Fri 9:30pm: Andrew (CG), Becca (tickets) Sat 2pm: Keston (CG), Skylar (tickets) Sat 3:30pm: Skylar (CG), Jenn (tickets) Sat 8pm: Jenn (CG), Devon (tickets) Sat 9:30pm: Devon (CG), Fletcher (tickets) Sat 11pm: Fletcher (CG), Liz (tickets) Sun 2pm: Liz (CG), Ada (tickets) Sun 3:30pm: Ada (CG), (tickets) Sun 8pm: (CG), Celeste (tickets) Sun 9:30pm: Celeste (CG), Keston (tickets) Mon 8pm: Becca (CG), Austin (tickets) Mon 9:30pm: Austin (CG), Ben (tickets) people should come see design runs fire safety will be Wednesday minutes/15feb01.txt · Last modified: 2015/02/01 12:22 by shenriques"
15mar08,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes, 8 March 2015 
 HERE: Josh, Ben S., Celeste, Keston, Ezra (visiting), Austin, Lauren (visiting), Luke (visiting), Devon, Conor (visiting), Jenn, Ben C., Becca, Cameron (visiting), Sam (visiting), Ada, Skylar, Simon [minutes-taker] 
 THORNS: realizing things; Twelfth Night ending; getting sick; unexpected roommates; hurt knuckle with needle; Daylight Savings; still sick and Daylight Savings; laughably bad life decisions; not trusting self and decisions; feeling like a speck in other people's lives who are mountains; kind of floundering around right now; life is so busy that I carry around a toothbrush; sjadfk (missed it sorry!); a lil sleepy; stressed out about paper; acting for the last time at Brown today?!; hometown sucks right now; trying to work out all the tension I hold 
 ROSES: warming up; smell of carpet; Twelfth Night world aligning; loved Twelfth Night a lot; someone told me I have a knack for decapitating fetal rodents (means I might have a job); got tagged in a photo of inspirational women; Upspace week starts on Monday; first-ever improv show last night; Twelfth Night was enjoyable; loved Twelfth Night so so so much; Twelfth Night awakened my inner bro; boys and their heated mattress pads; warm enough to play frisbee outside and not slip on ice; good weekend; fun time at Bernarda Alba; everyone is positive and earnest; feeling organized and responsible; Daylight Savings means the sun sets later! BERNARDA ALBA IN THE HOUSE it's going great, apparently strike starts at 9:30 board will get here at 9:15, set up one scaffolding inside fence box, one scaffolding behind risers 
 #TODO: Austin, make sure we have black paint we will need a PO tomorrow potentially if there isn't Austin - lead strike; Keston - duv and take down lights; Celeste - Upspace and paint; Ben S. - chairs and plats; Josh - shop; Simon - furniture; Skylar - shop; Ada - walls; Becca - scaffolding and take apart set; Ben C. - chainlink; Jenn - box office; Devon - props and paint FOUR COLORED GIRLS there is a cast! (they will be at strike) we have SD, SM, maybe ASM - life is GOOOOOOOD they are applying for grants 
 UPSPACEit's Luke with the 7/2/4 Playfest! going well, but not a ton of people signed up might cancel the 72 hour aspect during the week the space will be getting set up Friday 7pm the whole shebang starts, showtimes Saturday 8pm and 10pm 
 #TODO: Celeste, email the board about HMs it's Skylar and me afterwards! stand up might do an open mic in here that week SUNDAY SHOWS March 15th - Butter first Sunday in May (or do you mean April, Fletcher?) - BMC NEW MEMS people are doing fine GRUNTS we did the high five and then promptly moved on to finances? FINANCE$ 
 #TODO: Austin/Andrew, email Skylar with list of things alums can buy us Austin and Andrew will appeal to UFB re: the new weird budget system Austin thinks it will work itself out 
 SPACE MAINTENANCE:  they claimed they fixed the roof but it doesn't look any different…? let's wait for another warm day to see if it leaks again 
 #TODO: Austin, email Skylar a description of leak damage w/ pictures so we can get some $$$ PWOM Friday 4/24 Skylar will submit paperwork when he next meets w/ Joie SAFETY okay ARCHIVES ????????? PUBLICITY 7/2/4 Playfest Sunday show 
 BUSINESS THE PIANO DEAL: Austin has an email address for a guy in the music department in charge of acquisition we don't actually own the piano Upspace shows do use the piano (come see Thank You Sorry next week!) the piano is the only thing we really have that supports musicians coming soon: Upspace lottery! coming soon: PW library! Becca will fix up SM kit if Josh wants to change the physical box he can softball starts soon it's International Women's Day Austin and Devon are lonely on their soccer team #VISIONS - it's going great, apparently strike starts at 9:30 board will get here at 9:15, set up one scaffolding inside fence box, one scaffolding behind risers 
 #TODO: Austin, make sure we have black paint we will need a PO tomorrow potentially if there isn't Austin - lead strike; Keston - duv and take down lights; Celeste - Upspace and paint; Ben S. - chairs and plats; Josh - shop; Simon - furniture; Skylar - shop; Ada - walls; Becca - scaffolding and take apart set; Ben C. - chainlink; Jenn - box office; Devon - props and paint minutes/15mar08.txt · Last modified: 2015/03/08 11:50 by shenriques"
14dec13,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes, 13 December 2014 “How will this meeting fill the downspace?” 
 HERE: Ben C., Margaret (back from the dead), Becca, Liz, Devon, Ben S., Celeste, Simon [minutes-taker], Marty, Evan, Fletcher, Jenn, Skylar, Keston, Ada 
 THORNS: 20 pages to write by tomorrow night; Excel spreadsheet and wrong baked good; wanted Olga's but it closes at 2; you can't make people do the right thing; dreams need to shut the fuck up; Pac-Man; not called back for Twelfth Night; little sleep; not looking forward to going home; really out of shape and no work done; lots of Secret Santa-ing and haven't been to class in a month and people I care about are in distress; need to go back to “Oh Celeste you have an exam” and washed hands with mayonnaise; sleep schedule is weird; unbullshittable paper; did not fulfill schedule; housing for next year/semester falling apart 
 ROSES: goofy present for Spencer; Campfire Requiem—fun! beautiful!; show opens and is happy for design; but you can love them anyway; dreams (things are good in them); good adventure and very grateful; good lesson in humility and also going to dance with the woods with Michelle B-C; tired for awesome reasons and thrilled w/ casting; pretty on top of shit academically; good news for people I like; lots of holiday parties; IDGAF CUZ I'M OLIVIA BITCHEZZZ I GET TO FUCK BEN SILVER IT IS THE BEST ROLE IN THE WORLD; fun people and sleepin over; holiday fun; get to be in a play with SOME of the people I love; one of those situations has been resolved and done with econ EVERYTHING 
 #TODO: Celeste, send Skylar official dates for Writers' Week(s) we are also going to have a short play marathon which we will need many hands on deck for #TODONE: March 9-21 actionable things from visions: Writers' Week(s) New proposal questions Upspace committee 
 #TODO: Devon and Simon will deal with semester wrap-up email 
 #TODO: Celeste, send Skylar official dates for Writers' Week(s) we are also going to have a short play marathon which we will need many hands on deck for #TODONE: March 9-21 actionable things from visions: Writers' Week(s) New proposal questions Upspace committee 
 #TODO: Devon and Simon will deal with semester wrap-up email minutes/14dec13.txt · Last modified: 2014/12/13 18:06 by shenriques"
14dec07,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes, 7 December 2014 Big show weekend! Things are happening. 
 HERE: Jenn, Marty, Marty, Anna (visiting—Broken Zipper), Fletcher, Ben C., Austin, Ada, Ben S., Devon, Evan, Celeste, Conor (back from the dead), Liz, Josh, Simon [minutes-taker] 
 THORNS: whenever it's raining I want to die; no pants; working nonstop; heightened level of anxiousness in heart and what if I can't be vulnerable; accidentally went to Sakura instead of Sawaddee; worried that I fucked up something important but don't know what I would have done differently; what do I do now?!?!?! oh yeah those finals; cut thumb while opening Kabob & Curry; general stress; Paige refuses to acknowledge that I am the first avatar(?); no idea what time or day it is; awareness of emotions exceeds emotion; putting off finals longer than I should be; -; presentation due tomorrow 
 ROSES: saw Broken Zipper and Heist Play and both were awesome; million and one things off my chest yesterday; moon ritual; really enjoyed Heist Play; being back; walking by the Mini-Mart and seeing Conor at 2am and Heist Play; Heist Play is going better than I could have dreamed; three more days; unexpected workout; cool host family with Frozen-passionate six-year-old; Broken Zipper is happening; get nice emails from Becca and got a facial hair compliment; made gingerbread houses; in a wonderful mood despite little sleep; TWITS show got passed BROKEN ZIPPER/STRIKE good houses, getting karma and charity Austin will lead strike we will show up at 9:30 people will erect scaffolding in the middle introductions peel apart plats sideways have everyone we can on scaffolding/ladder as soon as scaffolding is off of the center, we'll take up the floor don't be cracking jokes at the beginning of strike JOBS: Austin - leading/set Celeste - plats/upstairs stuff Evan - upstairs stuff Jenn - plats Ben S. and Ada (and Andrew?) - lights Liz - box office Marty - shop Simon - furniture WONDERLAND there is a cast three set designers?! one prod meeting has been had; another will be held Tuesday 7pm they know to go to strike Becca and Paige are co-TDing waiting to hear about grants BERNARDA ALBA IN THE HOUSE sent DPS another email about gender-blindness; they haven't gotten back auditions are happening 
 UPSPACEBroken Zipper has it this week Blue Room has it next week—signing contract w/ Simon at strike lottery next Sunday Blue Room wants to check phones FB event should be updated to tell people not to bring them based on Nudity precedent: we can't take responsibility for phones if people show up early, they can be sent away (and come back) if there's not much time, we can put their phones somewhere but no promises PW paid for rights for Blue Room German Studies will reimburse us $200 SUNDAY SHOWS Gabe is performing next Sunday at 2pm and 8pm GRaAaNTS Open Jar actually has a bunch o' cash! cool! New Works does too TWITS we picked a show no PM yet having auditions after break we should have an EP before break 
 FINANCESthey're all on leave we are going to have a washer/dryer, sewing machine, sound system, other fun toys Austin wants to spend $500 of raised funds for sound system purchases we should make sure people use the sound system correctly so it doesn't get hurt 
 SPACE MAINTENANCE:  Marty has dropped the ball on the piano thing new piano man to be anointed at jobs meeting SAFETY NOBODY GET HURT PLEASE NOBODY STRIKE THEMSELVES AT STRIKE IT WILL BE OUR THIRD STRIKE ARCHIVES BZ photos will happen 
 #TODO: Marty, 3c2c pics The Other Side Of The Closet (410[GONE]) has a crazy cool proposal in filing cabinet in the box office PUBLICITY Blue Room Upspace lottery 
 #TODO: Evan, submit to Morning Mail audition for Bernarda Alba SCHEDULING workday 10am 12/15 
 #TODO: Liz, tell MF to get back to us so we can reserve 'the space' be mean about passing another pw director 
 BUSINESS events reminder from Ben C. Wednesday 12/10 visions 5pm (@ 52 John St.) Saturday 12/13 jobs 6pm Saturday 12/13 christmas party 9pm Monday 12/15 workday 10am someone wants to use the upspace for a GISP presentation Gabe is using the upspace at that time but we can give them the downspace? Marty is taking care of it secret santa rules $5 or chocolate or stolen or handmade Ada is no longer HMing tomorrow 
 #TODO: EVERYONE, email Austin about your rooms for workday! #VISIONS Nothing this week good houses, getting karma and charity Austin will lead strike we will show up at 9:30 people will erect scaffolding in the middle introductions peel apart plats sideways have everyone we can on scaffolding/ladder as soon as scaffolding is off of the center, we'll take up the floor don't be cracking jokes at the beginning of strike JOBS: Austin - leading/set Celeste - plats/upstairs stuff Evan - upstairs stuff Jenn - plats Ben S. and Ada (and Andrew?) - lights Liz - box office Marty - shop Simon - furniture minutes/14dec07.txt · Last modified: 2014/12/07 11:56 by shenriques"
13sep08,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes 8/9/13 - 
 ROSES: wanting to do things, great weekend, feeling alive, optimistic about a cappella stuff, classes, takes three minutes to get to pw from house, feel good about the year, excited about classes, videos stop motion and wayland square bookstore, loving house – sorry for missing roses. 
 THORNS: sad and don’t know why, sick from no sleep, early start for no reason, self doubt, not enough time, someone set off fire alarm, ten minutes to campus, just don’t know how to make walls in here white, some days are just bad, fox song stuck in head – sorry for missing thorns. SINK hanging lights today will apply for new works grant specifically for costumes new works meeting Tuesday design run 9.45 on Wednesday new works grant meeting could potentially happen Tuesday 
 #TODO: Austin, send out times for hang schedule so we can get fresh(man) hands to help IN THE NEXT ROOM auditions next week making sure not overlapping with Sink grants from Sarah Doyle, we need a prop piano, most likely one that will need to get played BMC has multiple upright pianos they’ll let us know about audition monitors EVENTS activities fair Tuesday pwizza party immediately after that we need a couple of people to bring up couches, maybe Christmas lights etc. 
 #TODO: Evan, put Pwizza party in morning mail Madmen put on table slips Facebook and Twitter 3C2C EPs for 3c2c function as SMs and PMs you coordinate schedules between different shows the board does lights and sound we hang lights after strike designers can be non-board members, maybe reach out to freshmen Chris will be definitely be an EP, possibly Evan, possibly Emma Wednesday 25th by midnight plays are decided directors applications will be accepted until Sunday 29th at 11am mini list serve for 3c2c? 
 UPSPACEConor and Emma will solidify performance times and send out email about audition monitors they will be painting the walls Improvidence: open practices will do a long show from Friday to Saturday deciding about board monitors for that event 10pm to 8pm ish announcing truncated upspace weeks makes sense (homecoming) SUNDAY SHOWS no one today Cheno is doing a drag show in November Skylar – magic hopefully dance show Maybe happy endnings? 
 FINANCESadvertising money we need to figure out Madmen budget and figure out how much to request for next year Fundraising Skylar is organizing this, we all need to put in the time when it happens most likely February Nudity got 80$ from Open Jar HOMECOMING will be November 1st Jenny can send request but can’t be floating because of Streetcar SPACE MAINTENANCE If something breaks, tell Austin, he is putting together a list We have to go to the meetings We are having a walkthrough of the Sink set and railings scaffolding: we need to set someone to be a scaffolding officer WIZARDS Maybe Vibrator play will do a set wizards Lizzy maybe a sound design wizards 
 BUSINESS Austin wants to do an inventory of keys 
 #TODO: everyone send an email with what keys you have to Austin Friday is reimbursement day Liz and Jenny meet about how reimbursements work boys slumber party another blackboard for Silver box Marty downloaded stuff from dropbox off service winter proposal deadline? we can’t push back December slot, we need to give them time so we’ll figure out which date makes sense Eventbrite as an option for website? 
 #TODO: Liz, look for New works grant and find a way to get a blank app out hanging lights today will apply for new works grant specifically for costumes new works meeting Tuesday design run 9.45 on Wednesday new works grant meeting could potentially happen Tuesday 
 #TODO: Austin, send out times for hang schedule so we can get fresh(man) hands to help minutes/13sep08.txt · Last modified: 2013/12/21 02:00 (external edit)"
14nov23,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes, 23 November 2014 New members no longer new. The magic is gone. But the magic of donuts is here in triplicate! 
 HERE: Becca, Devon, Celeste, Ada, Paige, Evan, Liz, Jenn, Marty, Emily (visiting), Ben Chesler, Ben Silver, Austin, Fletcher, Keston, Simon [minutes-taker], Jenny (back from the dead) 
 THORNS: throat hurts; 15 hours of peter pan this weekend; where is jenny; couldn't go to sacred harp because of frustrating drive; mom left at 6am and i got three hours of sleep (on the floor); vision (saw interestingly-shaped bird this morning, but couldn't see it); try hard and it never pays off; heat flashes in my face; the plenty that I have is not what I want and I don't think it ever will be; best friend (1) left (2) really early in the morning; washing car outside; changes in my life having unexpected effects, also kicked out of Eastside Marketplace; don't have a rose; having issues with manager at a steak and sushi restaurant; feel like I'm living a fantasyland lie; keep going to bed way too late; paranoia 
 ROSES: donuts; seeing book of mormon w/ mom; Jenny Gorelick; gonna join sacred harp; mom is here; climbed the Gano St. bridge and it was invigorating (and Fletcher's back!); lazy weekend; good news; have plenty—more than I could ever ask for; best friend visited; SotG doing Spring Awakening makes me feel better that we do musicals & hangin out with my house & went to an impressively well-balanced potluck; brought donuts; don't have a thorn; got to see everyone; saw Interstellar; learning step from roommate; stand up BROKEN ZIPPER it's b'zangin'! some confusion about props but we're figuring it out looking for ASM—names were given WONDERLAND they are casting tonight she can apply for as many grants as she wants, for as much as she wants the more specifically she can talk about why she wants the money, the more likely she is to get it Evan Finkle is set designing, maybe? LA CASA DE BERNARDA ALBA they are auditioning after Twelfth Night Ben and Paige are EPing 
 UPSPACECJ was in here this week, it was cool and Ben was great Pei Ling is in here for a Sunday show today (diff topic though) Zach and Hamptonsex will be in here later today Celeste will deal with key handoff but also he is Ben's roommate so Ben can do it SUNDAY SHOWS Pei Ling is in here today Ben will monitor the 4pm show Marty will tell her to put a trigger warning on the door GRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANTS Open Jar gave Deniz/Emma $100 for Blue Room New Works gave $150 to Broken Zipper Chest Day applied to Open Jar and Margaret's, will be discussed 
 FINANCESwe're gonna buy lots of new things! lots of small things also a washer/dryer! 
 SPACE MAINTENANCE:  door still broken #visions: change name of December show to “Broken Door”? (Ben S.) SAFETY good meeting with Jake meeting prior to Broken Zipper strike, we can talk about some changes ARCHIVES ok PUBLICITY Hamptonsex start thinking of cool Facebook statuses for Broken Zipper Upspace lottery coming up we need to publicize to people other than our friends (so don't just promote events on Facebook) 
 #TODO: Evan, put TWITS in Morning Mail remember to make PW events through the PW Facebook page TWITS 2/20 is the weekend of shows apps due 12/5 at 11:59pm decision meeting 12/6 http://pw.brown.edu/wiki/twits_proposal_guidelines SCHEDULING WORKDAY MF says 12/12 is marginally preferable but maybe Monday 12/15 10am-5pm why do we keep asking MF what works best for them and then just scheduling based on our convenience #visions: worknight?? LASER TAG letter was delivered we should try to reserve a private game CHRISTMAS PARTY still Saturday the 13th, 9pm JOBZZ 6pm Saturday 12/13 VISIONS 12/10 evening 
 BUSINESS Jenn is coordinating TWITS buddies plays due on the third send Celeste names of videographers and photographers are we going to start making wizards happen through productions? Marty has no business (no one heard him) get in touch with Emily to get involved with a new theatre festival! Wednesday, December 3 at 5pm in the Underground #VISIONS nothing real it's b'zangin'! some confusion about props but we're figuring it out looking for ASM—names were given minutes/14nov23.txt · Last modified: 2014/11/23 12:09 by shenriques"
13oct06,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes 10/6/13 ROSES Friend visiting, banana breakfast, PW thangs, friend also visiting, weather, PW stuff, auditioning for things feels better, my friends, this 
 THORNS: Pulverizing myself with alcohol, I feel like shit, babies, nonstop doing things today, nothing, procrastinated all week VIBRATOR PALY Blue Room is working again. Marissa will set things up this week. On a wall that hasn’t been seen since trigger hand, it looks bad. Board should paint it some time this week. TENTATIVELY: Tuesday night @ 11 Shouldn’t take long Renting a couch from Nostalgia Need someone who is van certified 
 #TODO: Skylar will get van certified. Going to advertise for Nostalgia in the program Can we do that? Ask SAO. 3C2C Had first day of auditions. We have an SM 
 #TODO: Thom will send a pw gmail email to freshman to encourage them to audition. Do we need ASM’s? Good to have some, not time sensitive. We need LD and SD. Austin will set up plot and speakers? Need someone to design and run. Vibrator strike will be long FOR THE BOARD. We need to stay late to help 3C2C. 
 UPSPACENudity is over! Eli is going to Rome after all. What to do with the space? • Use it for 3C2C directors? • Board show in the upspace? • Frantic facebook event? • Dark week to get the space nice again. • Good chance to fix the walls. • Can make a facebook event for just the weekend, submissions due Wednesday. • Eli’s backups may still come through, will find out tonight. • 
 #TODO: Thom will find out if Eli’s collaborators can use the space, or if we have to auction off the space for next weekend. Walls are uneven paint-wise o Future coats will come off easier if we don’t scrape it off. o We should scrape off the excess paint. o Seems like a pain, but probably something to do. o Should it be done now? • Should be done before we repaint. • Work dat? • This week we will do the best we can without going crazy. • IT WILL BE FUN YES LIZ Upspace lottery still happening o Promote! Do we want to give away a finals period week? o No, ain’t nobody got time for that. Two slots in November. We should wipe down these seats… o 
 #TODO: Conor will talk to Becca about the painting and seat wiping still to be done. SUNDAY SHOWS BMC in here tonight Marty will be here all night. o Someone should come give him a dinner break. o Let’s check it out! Next Sunday Show is NUDITY REPRISED o Alex will pray to fucking god they won’t use plats this time PROPOSALS 
 #TODO: EVERYONE update google doc with when your buddy is proposing. 
 #TODO: Alex and Emma will discuss rescheduling. o Various Pros and Cons for any option o Nothing will be perfect, we need a best UPDATES: o Skylar is doing fine, conors gonna watch movies o Josh is doing swell o Nick Healy is awesome Liz thinks he’s cute o Evan loves that Jenny is his buddy, he’s on track o Michelle is deciding between two plays, only for December, looking for a team o 
 #TODO: Conor/Andrew look into rights for The Seafarer o CELESTEEE is proposing Medea now o Patrick Madden is blazing his own trail right now o Anna is busy, but good 
 FINANCESWe reimbursed Austin, he should be getting a big check. Can Austin beg for a Monday PO? o Nope. o Should have told Jenny and Andrew in advance. o Now Jenny is yelling at him. o Why didn’t you think about this on Friday Austin? o Didn’t think it would fit in Alex’s convertible. o Jenny has to stick to her morals. 
 #TODO: Andrew should input budget stuff. He knows what this means. 
 GRANTS Jake and Cherise are applying to New Works Open Jar is alive and well, may have gone to Becca’s box, saga is continuing Jake and Cherise are applying to that too. Tell your friends. SAFETY We are safe New sign on the shop, people have to be trained by Austin Austin is happy to come over and train anyone at most hours of the day o No he’s not joking EHS may be doing checks on our shop o We will have to get strict about cleaning up the shop if we want to keep our shop privileges for our build crews. SPACE MAINTENANCE Door handle on Upspace is getting finickier and FINICKIER. o 
 #TODO: Austin will submit a report to someone 
 BUSINESS Reregistered PW as a group, needs us to sign SAO forms Drafting a letter to TPOC o We’ll read it this week. o It’s weird and possibly problematic but we have to do something. Liz feels weird about press stuff that got us all wrong, and distanced us from Nudity We should all fill out the visions spreadsheet. Let’s set a visions date SOON. o 
 #TODO: Liz will send an email. We are allowed to send our buddies old proposals. Jenny will make jobs chart for homecoming. Is bartender training a thing? o It’s very confusing. o But we probably shouldn’t serve alcohol to minors. o Austin is not party trained. • He should go it’s fun, like a play about party training. People need to stay after the meeting to move the piano pieces o 
 #TODO: Conor will burn the piano in anger Nudity was an unprecedently exciting thing o There are now people who see it as an event o This is probably for visions Austin is going to build a new server o Going to put owncloud on it. o We’re going to have our own dropbox that will be HUGE AND have a backup o It costs like $300, we’re ok with this Austin met with the head of campus of IT security o He convinced the guy it’s ok we have a public IP o It was compromised a decade ago o But now they’re chill with us having a server! o Another PW victory against the administration o 
 #TODO: Andrew add website to visions • We want a better greenbook • Linked cast and crew info • Do we still want a wiki? We need printer Ink? o Or just a laser jet. 3-Part council: University, UFB, and us potentially, each pays for a third of a capital investment for new risers o We don’t need risers anymore, but the council may have allotted us THIRTEEN THOUSAND DOLLARS so we’re going to check into that. o We will have to find out restrictions o Don’t need risers, we could use railings Piano in the butt o We will try to sell it, if it’s there for Vibrator strike we just throw it away? o Marty will contact the guy to find out this week what the sitch is. 
 #TODO: Austin Skype with Ben, don’t wear pants, ask about DUV! February phone banking – is Skylar writing a thing? o We are committing as board members to sit and make calls to alums for Someone has to go to city hall still? WE ARE DONE Minutes: Alex Blue Room is working again. Marissa will set things up this week. On a wall that hasn’t been seen since trigger hand, it looks bad. Board should paint it some time this week. TENTATIVELY: Tuesday night @ 11 Shouldn’t take long Renting a couch from Nostalgia Need someone who is van certified 
 #TODO: Skylar will get van certified. Going to advertise for Nostalgia in the program Can we do that? Ask SAO. minutes/13oct06.txt · Last modified: 2013/12/21 02:00 (external edit)"
13sep22,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes 220913 - 
 ROSES: endless wonderful possibilities, Sink, plans, Sink and it being first show, Sink, a cast for Hair, fire, excited to be seeing Sink this afternoon, talking to adam and Hair cast, family coming to sink, got a lot of sleep, a lot of lovely friends, Sink. 
 THORNS: 24 hours in a day and the need for sevenish hours of sleep in a day, haven’t thought about my show, executing them, I know there are things I’m good at but where are they, no donuts for me, a heinous fall out and dramzz, not knowing how to be helpful, not being interested in other people’s BS, missed champagne toast, if I had my way I’d always wake up and make things, late. SINK: online reserves sold out event brite tells you there are tickets strike will be Monday at 9.23pm (9.30pm) Evan and Liz HM for 5pm today conor and Austin tomorrow at 8pm Strike: Emma will run strike conor: chairs and furniture, thom: costumes and repainting, alex: in the shop, Ursula: space, liz: shop and lights, jenny: box office, evan: space, skylar: lights in the space, emma: running strike, then painting upspace black 11am on Friday to finish floor painting THE VIBRATOR PLAY applied for 400$ looking for hair and make up applied for 300$ for costumes applying for Late Night Fund 
 UPSPACEimprovidence open practos Tuesday 5-7, Thursday 8-10 long show Friday 10.30pm-5am, board monitors 
 #TODO: Set board monitors over email need a working light plot nudity in the upspace will be using the upspace, coordinating with improvidence 
 #TODO: Conor get in touch with Austin about paint and what you’d need Lottery happens in a week – push the facebook event SUNDAY SHOW starla next week bmc week after 
 FINANCESgot a lot of POs, ready to reimburse Remember to stick to Tuesday and Thursday 
 GRANTS open jar have had no more applications thom is figuring out exactly what’s happening with new works 3C2C submissions? we need a box and a sign above the window or something like that reading the plays Wednesday – probably 9pm 
 #TODO: Chris, send out email about when you’ll be reading 
 #TODO: reserve rooms for auditions push on facebook mention in HM speeches auditions should be Tuesday/Wednesday/Thursday next week 
 #TODO: madmen: streamline the 3c2c event – include auditions and all dates and update – also put that we are looking for SMs before Stage managers? Should come to the meetings when we find them 
 #TODO: Chris, send out email about the Stage Managing opportunity to freshman list SAFETY we need to work on actually relaying information from EHS and being aware of making safety a priority safety inspections of sets: we should have director, set designer, and safety people present in order to streamline lines of communication basic plans for the set need to be relayed to EHS as soon as possible so they know what they’re dealing with SPACE MAINTENANCE -Server: -Austin got the parts, is trying to build it -short term solution? We need to be online so finding a -
 #TODO: marty, alex – check up on this -getting names and jobs off the server is priority 
 BUSINESS lightboard is broken, how do we feel about spending 200$ on fixing it? we need more details in order to decide 
 #TODO: Austin, get more detail to jenny about it -audition monitors for shows? Board should still help out but making -Emma and Ursula will be Pwom Event Coordinators -
 #TODO: conor, get liquor license and someone will have to take it down -
 #TODO: Austin and Marty check up on whether October 19th will work for decision meeting -
 #TODO: Madmen make ‘propose to winter @ pw’ event -Emma, Alex, Ursula will work out decision meeting logistics -Questions about Circuit/PW should be expressed – keep open communication -We should have a board potluck -
 #TODO: Emma, send out email about dates for that -Wednesday 25th a proposal meet ‘n greet 10.30pm -
 #TODO: Chris, get provisions for that event -
 #TODO: Emma: make facebook event for proposal + meet ‘n greet - musical directors at proposal meeting? Can be in the room, not being interviewed -piano -
 #TODO: Marty, get back in contact with the piano man -Paint, we have to be adamant about making it clear that we are PW when ordering -we also need to order brushes -
 #TODO: Silver Box Boys please fix order of title in there -RISD theatre group – we should work with them -
 #TODO: Thom, check in about Rome and if yes to Rome add that week to upspace lottery -all rooms needs some loving, take strike as an opportunity to revamp it and also check up on your own time -costume reorganization: visions topic -new mems meeting dates set -Push things on facebook more since we don’t have an email going out 
 #TODO: Emma, please order pizza for Sink strike online reserves sold out event brite tells you there are tickets strike will be Monday at 9.23pm (9.30pm) Evan and Liz HM for 5pm today conor and Austin tomorrow at 8pm Strike: Emma will run strike conor: chairs and furniture, thom: costumes and repainting, alex: in the shop, Ursula: space, liz: shop and lights, jenny: box office, evan: space, skylar: lights in the space, emma: running strike, then painting upspace black 11am on Friday to finish floor painting minutes/13sep22.txt · Last modified: 2013/12/21 02:00 (external edit)"
13sep29,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes 290913 
 ROSES: teaspoons, nighttime Margaret hair and water by the spoonful, opening and less stressed, burrito, new connections, going home and seeing father and kitten, bike, vivid dreams, nudity in the upspace, THORN my terrible disease, oceans, skin, don’t know what century I am in for east Asian history class, sleeping in till noon, Sunday, sometimes afraid to start things, lock, letting things get away from me, nudity in the upspace. IN THE NEXT ROOM OR THE VIBRATOR PLAY props and costumes are under budget set had to change because of blocking challenges first design run this week 250$ from the dean’s grant there will be a talkback 
 #TODO: Austin, as soon as you have new floor plan get in touch with Chris so he can keep EHS posted NUDITY IN THE 
 UPSPACE
 #TODO: Conor, check for this week which groups will be in the upstairs rooms of TF Green only people with Brown or RISD IDs or people on a designated list can get in both on the event page and in email beforehand they will be reminded about IDs monitors need to monitor throughout the event small events ideally two monitors big events we need 3 people: bag check, door, in the space we need monitors for all performances Friday and Saturday Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday: IDs checked at the upspace door bag checker for each performance third person added for Thursday, Friday, Saturday they need to have physical tickets for larger events monitor at the bottom of the stairs monitor at the door to the upspace bag check 2 people: Monday 8-10pm: Ursula, Andrew Tuesday 7pm: Conor, Andrew (Chris on call) Wednesday 7.30pm: Thom, Chris 3 people: Thursday 6pm: Thursday 9pm: Chris Friday 6.30pm: Friday 8pm: Friday 10pm: Saturday 8pm: Liz, Thom 3C2C Chris and Emma will figure out directors auditions will most likely be this weekend, depending on directors schedules etc. WINTER@PW Everyone get the script from buddies ASAP make sure to update which slots people are applying for as it is important for rights and important to figure out meetings we can move the script deadline a bit sooner decision meeting – we have to really think through the logistics of a meeting with this many proposals 
 UPSPACEnudity is coming in Eli is at least using first part, possibly collaborators lottery pulled today SUNDAY SHOW Starla tonight Jenny and Thom will monitor the event (Jenny already ushering) next Sunday is BMC in here, 5 hours total for monitoring 
 GRANTS Everyone doing new performance can apply for new works 
 BUSINESS 
 #TODO: Ursula replenish first aid kit PWinter ink needs to be replenished more lending forms need to be printed – 
 #TODO: Thom, copy from furniture PWisdom book? Sink in the paint room is messed up, needs to go through facilities Chris is buying more clothes pins for bag check we need to schedule visions MF’s website has been found Minutes: Ursula props and costumes are under budget set had to change because of blocking challenges first design run this week 250$ from the dean’s grant there will be a talkback 
 #TODO: Austin, as soon as you have new floor plan get in touch with Chris so he can keep EHS posted minutes/13sep29.txt · Last modified: 2013/12/21 02:00 (external edit)"
15may17,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes, 17 May 2015 
 HERE: Becca B., Fletcher, Jenny (back from the dead), Keston, Liz, Celeste, Skylar, Luke, Paige, Devon, Bailey (ITW), Solomon (visiting), Simon [minutes-taker], Austin, Ben C., Jenn 
 THORNS: so tired but I want to have limitless energy; feel like I haven't slept in four weeks; wish I was happy; no way of knowing what time it was; had to move across campus; Max is sick; not prepared for this week or the future; maybe never getting gold shorts; had to move out really fast; still drunk from high school reunion; moving was hard and I miss my suitemates; I feel like I've been working myself to the bone for nothing; don't know if I know how to be a normal or real person; conversation was very fleeting and then I went back to being sarcastic and ruined the moment; last time I have to get up at 11am on a Sunday morning; woke up then thought about rose and thorn then fell back asleep 
 ROSES: Jenny Gorelick; hung out with parents; excited about spending next weeks in the sun; got eyebrows done; done wiht middle school musical; beautiful day; done with school for real; gold shorts were used very well in denish invite; Simon helped me move and I fell in love over pool at a bar; so excited for the graduates; unsuccessfully tried to sneak into Last Chance Dance and met silly freshmen trying to do the same thing; finally done with school and I love everybody; gorgeous day and my purse is not lost and Jenny is here; really real conversation for like 30-40 seconds with Jenn last night; last time I have to get up at 11am on a Sunday morning; sunny IN2 THA WOODZ programs and posters are happening plats happened last night Eventbrite is good to go probably reserves should be under the name of the person picking up the tickets safety inspection on Tuesday HMs Tuesday 7pm: Liz, Wednesday 7pm: Fletcher, Liz Thursday 2pm: Luke, Fletcher Thursday 7pm: Luke, Friday 5pm: Liz, Luke Crimes of the Heart will know to come to strike strike jobs: Fletcher - plats and furniture, Jenn - box office, Liz - run strike!, Luke - electrics, Paige - in the space, Devon - plats and props CRIMES OF THE <3 production team will arrive 8/29 working on early housing there is a prod meeting right now readthrough Monday still looking for props designer 
 UPSPACElottery just happened 
 #TODO: Josh, get rights for Bull by Mike Bartlett Fletcher is the liaison for Midori and Sam 
 GRANTS New Works gave money to Deadsville Buck can still apply if he gets receipts in by this weekend FINANCE$ 
 #TODO: EVERYBODY, send Andrew things you want to buy, even if it might not work out 
 SPACE MAINTENANCE:  
 #TODO: Liz(?), have Jonathan Adam email Austin about cable that isn't working they're going to try (for the fourth time) to deliver the washer/dryer on Monday 
 #TODO: Ada, the light in costume room is flickering—please submit facilities request SAFETY “yeah we're fine” CAPTURE THE MOMMY Tuesday at 11am FB event will be live right after this meeting we will do a GroupMe. I (Simon) will make a GroupMe. RENISH Saturday 5/23 1:30 getting lots of really cute “not coming” rsvps Andrew is getting the pictures Skylar is emailing Andrew the catering info 
 BUSINESS Keston is listed on the wiki as doing the upspace now Liz is happy that this is the time of year that is “the festival of pw” a bird in the butt is worth two in the bush Dylan is going to do a talkback, probably Wednesday or Thursday Becca wrote the PWAQ, Austin will make it look nice #VISIONS - programs and posters are happening plats happened last night Eventbrite is good to go probably reserves should be under the name of the person picking up the tickets safety inspection on Tuesday HMs Tuesday 7pm: Liz, Wednesday 7pm: Fletcher, Liz Thursday 2pm: Luke, Fletcher Thursday 7pm: Luke, Friday 5pm: Liz, Luke Crimes of the Heart will know to come to strike strike jobs: Fletcher - plats and furniture, Jenn - box office, Liz - run strike!, Luke - electrics, Paige - in the space, Devon - plats and props minutes/15may17.txt · Last modified: 2015/05/17 11:43 by shenriques"
13oct15,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes 10/15/13 ROSES Love doing stand up, Boston sport teams, very good weekend, lost my cellphone and it is great, Simon Henriques, 3C2C shirt day, Vibrator play opens yay, went to RISD to see Avatar the Last Airbender artist, cast my show and vibrator play is fun to do, going away this weekend THORNS First panic attack, fucking this book, no thorn, reaching the end of American history pretty soon, Jenny and struggling with work, stressed, Vibrator play opens oh shit, did not have time for that, pretty shitty few days but I am putting it in a box in a sea and now it is gone, going away this weekend VIBRATOR PLAY Plats – TOMORROW at 11 #VISIONS – How do we support our directors, especially in the final stretch? 
 #TODO: Emma – write email on behalf of board to Karin Champagne toast Friday night @ 10:15 - 
 #TODO: Alex will buy 3C2C We have a lighting designer If she can’t be there at strike then we should just hand her a plot to work with We will be setting up the plot after strike, also hanging duv We still need a sound designer 
 #TODO: Evan ask second stage manager if she can use qlab 
 #TODO: Austin email Leandro about sounds Show times 8pm every day plus an 11pm on Saturday 
 #TODO: Chris/Evan email directors and playwrights and tell them to come visit us at our next meeting 
 UPSPACELottery this weekend, promote? Or just push it back a week Good for our proposers who don’t make it Nevermind, lottery will be the weekend of 3C2C 
 #TODO: Mad men table slip for Upspace Becca W and the nudies did not come in to paint Have to paint it at 3C2C strike Jake and Cherise are planning to use projectors, need cables Austin is talking with them Music video in the upspace? Polar bears use during off hours? No, this is dangerous Tell them it’s at each upspace slots discretion SUNDAY SHOW Nudity again, has coordinated with hair tech WINTER @ PW Skylar – doin grand, everyone watch oceans 11! Jonathan – White album Josh – doin good I can’t keep track, everyone’s doin good though. Rights Sam French has sort of screwed us over, we will get them the money Proposal meeting start at 7:30, warms and cools on the board as sticky notes instead of out loud around, goal will be concision HOMECOMING We have a jobs list Liz, Marty Andrew and Jenny are doing decorations 
 #TODO: Conor will get liquor license 
 #TODO: Conor and Chris will buy alcohol Right to choose as far as pf pic 
 FINANCESWe are fundraising in February. 
 GRANTS New Works has money, Phoebe Nir has submitted to it for Sleepy Hollow Open Jar has lots of money SAFETY Paint room is not safe. Piano is something we’re working on 
 SPACE MAINTENANCE: BAYBAY Did nudity windex the chairs? 
 #TODO: Conor ask (?) 
 BUSINESS Alex: Becca is here! Wizards: Lizzy didn’t happen but it still could Could we have Lizzy do it next week? Corina could do a costumes Wizards? Liz: If there’s a props list for 3C2C can you send it to Liz? New Mems: is it time yet? We are feeling like visions on our own right now Let’s schedule visions 
 #TODO: Conor will schedule Visions 
 #TODO: URSULA UPLOAD MINUTES TO THE WEBSITE (#done) Meercamel (what?) Thom Impulse wants to use costumes, but the week overlapping with Hair Jenny Emails? When can we do that? Can we email our new freshman? Mailman should come back this week BULK ADD 
 #TODO: Email the freshman 
 #TODO: Marty – Update the front page, check out your relevant pages Austin If you have ideas about what the new website should do email them to Austin! Conor Storage place that is going to be emptied There are D&D books Plug 3C2C in HM speeches EP could send HM speech template via email? 
 #TODO: Marty wants to let us know about other theatre on campus LETS ALL USE QUOTES MORE Conor is going to add visions to the spreadsheet in meetings more Marissa should keep coming to meetings through Hair Don’t underestimate the effectiveness of close listening. Andrew TPOC letter has been written, next step, send to Jose and JonJon? Should we send a letter at all? Skylar Smile and we will feel happier Marty HM Saturday night at 11 Wizards alumni grant? Can we figure that out? Hobbits Simon THANKS FOR COMING SIMON WE LOVE YOU SO MUCH Minutes: Conor (right?) Plats – TOMORROW at 11 #VISIONS – How do we support our directors, especially in the final stretch? 
 #TODO: Emma – write email on behalf of board to Karin Champagne toast Friday night @ 10:15 - 
 #TODO: Alex will buy minutes/13oct15.txt · Last modified: 2013/12/21 02:00 (external edit)"
13sep03,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes 3/9/13 
 ROSES: Exciting summer and good to be back, theatre and back, here, drove here and have a car, happy to be here, back and have a single and it’s like great and close, have one more semester, back, certified scuba diver, having a good time moving forward with trust, meiklejohn is exciting, perfect view of the sun this morning, I feel empowered about men and other things, nice last couple of weeks. 
 THORNS: Muggy weather, had to put my dog down last week, sick I think maybe, everything feels weird, a lot of people I wish were here who aren’t, really easy to go crazy and lose track of time, one more semester, don’t know any of my classes, busy busy can’t do more, forgetting to breathe, sick, parents and stressful situation, back at school. SINK: 359.75 dollars spent pretty good on budget there are many grants we can apply for good big production team design run at 10pm one-on-one meetings we are looking for an assistant set designer we found the last speaker showtimes are still not entirely set, possibly a matinee on Sunday VIBRATOR PLAY EPs: Marty and Alex Auditions will be the day of Streetcar callbacks 
 #TODO: Alex, Marty find specific audition times so we can announce them Friday 3c2c We should announce 3c2c early so we can get plays specifically written for 3 chairs 2 cubes Let us have plays due on the 25th of September Deciding as soon as possible thereafter we’ll figure out coordinators 
 UPSPACEwe have a calendar for the upspace 
 #TODO: Austin, find the upspace contract on server and put in dropbox 5 slots left after this round September 22nd and October 13th for Upspace lotteries FRESHMAN EVENTS Theatre orientation at 6pm on Friday Meet at 5pm in PW, then go to Leeds in time to get Senior Sem people up to speed We should make slips for the brunch Wednesday the 11th at 10.30pm in the upspace: Pizza Pwarty 
 #TODO: Madmen make a slip for that Activities fair is on Tuesday the 10th 
 #TODO: Alex go to prep meeting for Activities fair Monday September 9th at 5.30 
 FINANCESandrew is up to speed maybe everyone can learn the basics of the finances spreadsheet 
 #TODO: Jenny double check that you’re still a signatory Cash maintenance is a thing we need to figure out Look into Brown First Vendors 
 GRANTS: New works has money and people should apply for it Liz and Austin Open Jar the committee is Thom, Evan, Andrew and Ursula 
 #TODO: Thom, get in touch with Open Jar people in order to replenish the jar SAFETY no one has been injured yet FACILITIES men’s bathroom thing falling off wall girl’s bathroom locks broken downstairs 
 BUSINESS Liz will be the other shop person Paint room needs to be clean and clear, it’s important to stress that everything needs to be cleaned theatrebridge: went well, fun in the space, lights were hung and Itunes was used brilliantly archives date will happen, Jenny and Thom server: the hardware is approximately 10 years old and doesn’t work anymore Austin will build a new server, buying new parts after activities fair: collect freshman emails and send ‘welcome’ email let’s trim the dropbox and a dropbox will be built into server. maybe spotlight to MF? Doesn’t make sense to keep it really someone should go to Erik Ehn’s ice cream social thing #TODOS: 
 #TODO: Madmen make a slip for Pizza Pwarty 
 #TODO: Alex go to prep meeting for Activities fair Monday September 9th at 5.30 
 #TODO: Conor, email about getting a table for Activities fair 
 #TODO: Marty, ask Vibrator play’s PM to come to meetings 
 #TODO: Alex, Marty find specific audition times so we can announce them Friday 
 #TODO: Austin, find the upspace contract on server and put in dropbox 
 #TODO: Jenny double check that you’re still a signatory 
 #TODO: Thom, get in touch with Open Jar people in order to replenish the jar 
 #TODO: Emma or Conor, make a list of furniture theatrebridge people like love want 
 #TODO: Upspace archives – upspace people send stuff to Marty 
 #TODO: Austin, put the job list in the dropbox 
 #TODO: Emma, (re)send the email about Erik Ehn’s ice cream thing 359.75 dollars spent pretty good on budget there are many grants we can apply for good big production team design run at 10pm one-on-one meetings we are looking for an assistant set designer we found the last speaker showtimes are still not entirely set, possibly a matinee on Sunday minutes/13sep03.txt · Last modified: 2013/12/21 02:00 (external edit)"
13oct20,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes OCTOBER 20th 2013 
 ROSES: the vibrator play, the sandwich, respectful meeting yesterday, simon and emma in vibrator play, wonderful vibrations and seeing dance show, seeing parents, best performance ever at 11pm, 8 hrs of sleep, pw, last night I slept for 10 hrs, I’m here and scared you!, pw. 
 THORNS: money probs for hair, they might have put cheese on it, homework, lonely semester, seeing parents, the other performances might not be like that, wet shirt, this week, 2.5 hrs of sleep, need to sleep till Tuesday. INTERJECTION BECCA IS HERE!! THE VIBRATOR PLAY all is well under budget, since costumes only spent 40$ strike is on Monday at 10.30, emma will lead it floor painting will be at the strike after 3c2c 3c2c we set the order 
 #TODO: EPs for 3c2c, invite the 3c2c people to Vibrator strike - remind them abt closed shoes 9.30 pm on Wednesday is a tentative run of 3c2c shows are Friday at 8pm, Saturday 8pm and 11pm, Sunday at 8pm, Monday at 8pm 
 #TODO: Evan, Chris include Ursula on email for directors 
 #TODO: EPs, ask directors for special thanks poster done by Tuesday/Wednesday 
 #TODO: programs should be drawn up and printed, ask a past PM THE 
 SNOW QUEEN auditions will be soon evan is meeting with jenny soon looking for a bit of time in between auditions and rehearsals in order to revise script need sound designer, scenic painter show needs to find audition monitors 
 UPSPACElottery next week have a couple of submissions promote on facebook buddies should remind their proposers about the upspace SUNDAY SHOWS we’ll have to set monitors as we get closer to next nudity Sunday show HOMECOMING Liz, Andrew, jenny, marty are on decorations committee conor asked about trashcans conor and chris/thom will get alcohol DJ? Do we have a DJ 
 #TODO: Alex figure out DJ SPACE MAINTENANCE “our sink is on the fritz still” we passed random inspections 
 FINANCESpizza: possibly rethink which and how much cause it is very expensive 
 GRANTS liz will meet w austin and look at new works proposal open jar check hasn't arrived 
 #TODO: thom, send follow up email we have 145$ in the open jar 
 BUSINESS emma we need to create a space for the director to debrief with cast/crew chris benches are great to have in lobby but can't be left there overnight HMs can bring them into downspace between shows lots of leaves in lobby, watch out for drain clogging alex we need to talk about april slot and spring weekend updates on the website in lieu of weekly email till mailman is up evan can we have a tuesday show? if there is no sunday matinee 
 SNOW QUEEN can see Mary stuart and vice versa liz workday will probably be the wednesday after 
 SNOW QUEEN 
 #TODO: conor, send out email about dates for visions and new mems MINUTES: Ursula all is well under budget, since costumes only spent 40$ strike is on Monday at 10.30, emma will lead it floor painting will be at the strike after 3c2c minutes/13oct20.txt · Last modified: 2013/12/21 02:00 (external edit)"
13nov03,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes 3/11/13 
 ROSES: Hair tech and not just snacks, hair dry tech only took 11.5 hours for 300 cues, 
 SNOW QUEEN excitement, also 
 SNOW QUEEN, definitely 
 SNOW QUEEN, also 
 SNOW QUEEN, 
 SNOW QUEEN, good weekend. 
 THORNS: New York drive, feel disgusting, pre-registration for last semester, I have to do more streetcar, electricity and magnetism, computer science, donut problems, indifferent to all things always, shitty fratty no shower, baked goods isn’t detailed enough. HAIR dealing with nudity in the upspace by only being upstairs so we won’t interfere with Hair there will be a bag check at Hair there are no plats and no duv Hair will most likely run around 2.5 hours send ticket reserves by Tuesday we’re not going to need a House Manager Monitor, HMM because Liz can unlock potentially need help with house managing because 
 SNOW QUEEN 
 #TODO: Thom, email Cheno and tell her that she needs to come to meetings rehearsals will happen mostly in Wilson before Snow Q gets into the space first rehearsal tomorrow, Monday 4/11 we are on the way to clear rights applying for new works applying to Dean’s discretionary the Late Night deadline was when proposals will due, might be doing December 
 #TODO: Conor, get in touch with Michael Smith 
 UPSPACEkim and Jessie happened and was cool anna muselmann is next, she is doing workshops maybe needs monitors lottery happened, small mess up but we’re fixing it michelle is the last slot this semester, we should talk to her about rights SUNDAY SHOWS HMs for nudity: 7pm: Jenny, Thom, Ursula. 11pm: Jenny, Thom, Alex. NEW MEMS facebook event was made emma is making photos to put on the page schmooze will be Tuesday the 5th at 11pm we will set up during the day pizza and vino? In vino veritas we need to be on top of the ‘buddies’ thread and meet with buddies quickly remember meeting is November 16th 
 FINANCESAustin, do you know how much money we made from monster’s ball and where exactly it is? 
 GRANTS new works gave 100$ to phoebe, and she sent photos kim and Jessie applied for open jar SPACE MAINTENANCE 
 #TODO: Ursula, fill the first aid kit in the box office Austin, do you know where the Shop first aid kit is? 
 BUSINESS waiting for godot wants to do auditions the week of reading period this means they would not have a cast by strike work day will be Thursday, December 12th can we email emails and should we? yes and yes 
 #TODO: Ursula, add freshmen, send email dealing with nudity in the upspace by only being upstairs so we won’t interfere with Hair there will be a bag check at Hair there are no plats and no duv Hair will most likely run around 2.5 hours send ticket reserves by Tuesday we’re not going to need a House Manager Monitor, HMM because Liz can unlock potentially need help with house managing because minutes/13nov03.txt · Last modified: 2013/12/21 02:00 (external edit)"
13oct27,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes 27/10/13 ROSES had a great weekend, brown and crash bang boom sumn’s going on in nora’s room, had a wonderful pirate weekend, a lot of fun things coming up this week, good weekend, 3c2c and the future, simon h’s 3c2c play and 
 SNOW QUEEN auditions coming up, the weather, 3c2c, excitement, andrew’s hair, visiting brown, spooktastic hallooween spooktakular, tomorrow Mary Stuart rehearsals begin, no thorns and many roses. THORNS way too much writing to do by Friday, just don’t do homework, not-wonderful pirate hangover, a lot of fun things coming up this week, a lot to do, I wish there were sleeping times, doodlejump – will it happen?, mixed signals, really ugly todo list, excuses, chapped lips, have to leave really soon, I feel bored in my soul. 3C2C strike will be on Monday at 9.30pm maybe this is the time for chris to teach someone about the paint room? conor will order pizza 
 SNOW QUEEN auditions are Wednesday, Thursday, Friday there are audition forms in Leeds breezeway everybody promote promote on facebook we have two ASMs, they are covered for audition monitors still looking for assistant designers, can possibly be filled from audition pool 
 UPSPACEjake and cherise are in here with ‘kim and jessie’ at the beginning of this week SUNDAY SHOW nudity’s Sunday show, they are figuring it out with Kate VISIONS we are not going to set a date yet, but it looks like December 7th is an option NEW MEMS New mems meeting will tentatively be on November 16th 
 #TODO: EVERYONE RESPOND TO WHEN2MEET and confirm that you are available applications will be due the 13th 
 #TODO: Emma, make facebook event Chris, Emma, Ursula are organizing the meeting Wednesday November 6th is schmooze HOMECOMING we have a decorations committee chris, conor, thom will get alcohol on Thursday madmen are doing publicity campaign, individual for profile photos DJs: Miles will DJ for us – alex is picking him up and figuring out if he’ll DJ the whole time the event is costumed Let us be here by 8.30pm to set up, latest by 9pm (unless in show, auditons etc.) 
 #TODO: Decorations committee, be in touch and find day to buy decorations 
 #TODO: Austin, get change for the bar 
 FINANCESFinances are good, gave out reimbursements for Sink and 3c2c Open Jar check is in SAFETY we are safe, Austin trained some people to use the shop austin is getting scaffolding trained SPACE MAINTENANCE the tp dispenser in the men’s bathroom is broken the sink is still plugged 
 #TODO: Austin send estimate for outlet to conor when you get it 
 BUSINESS chris paint person to take over for chris: Liz 
 #TODO: wizards committee need to talk post-mortems – are they happening, should they? Liz working on figuring out workday, needs to happen when there isn’t a downspace show MINUTES: Ursula strike will be on Monday at 9.30pm maybe this is the time for chris to teach someone about the paint room? conor will order pizza minutes/13oct27.txt · Last modified: 2013/12/21 02:00 (external edit)"
13nov10,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes 101113 
 ROSES: waking up with celeste in a twin bed, Streetcar went well and felt good, friends, the space downstairs is great and the air smelled good, really excited about my Sunday show, baking fest for the last three days, all the people here and chris’ hair and hair and streetcar and slam poetry, slept a lot last night, roommate also locked out, hair and streetcar, hair, chris’ boots, second place, my parents are coming this afternoon, in a good mood, figured out some major things about my life this week, friends and trader joe’s, new boots, water pressure, nice person at health services, jesse and peter in hair, last night was fun. 
 THORNS: I don’t know what I did last night, twin beds are not meant for two people, computer science, I don’t know what I’m doing with my life, my capstone is due, all I’ve eaten for the past four days is baked goods, won’t see my girlfriend till thanksgiving, still v tired, was locked out at like 4am, the extent at speed with which I got drunk, thesis due in two weeks, shaving – don’t love it, freezing, was gonna bring donuts but overslept, haven’t done any work, have to drop a class and just feeling weird about not having done anything for it, confusion, the bagel gourm takes cards now, bombs, I think I broke my finger, alarm problems, always late. HAIR going well tickets are going fast bag check maybe open both doors? passed their inspection strike tomorrow at 11pm Austin will run strike THE 
 SNOW QUEEN trying to expedite the late night fund process people contacting about getting involved could be build crew or be sent to godot? applying for more money, props budget and set production meeting tomorrow at 5pm we are definitely having a Tuesday show, six total performances 
 UPSPACEmichelle is working, probably will apply to open jar jake and cherise gave key to Austin SUNDAY SHOW cheno is next then tpoc in the upspace no more slots to fill 
 FINANCESissue with the vibrator play, didn’t get the funding they thought they would or rather the money didn’t come in yet we need to follow up with them/departments 
 #TODO: Chris, email Marissa and figure out what the deal is 
 GRANTS there is an application from cheno but since it’s a curated Sunday show can’t actually apply SAFETY austin has talked to Stephanie austin got an estimate about the outlets in the downspace will go follow up on the estimate, appealing it the elevator is not to be used to move furniture scaffolding training will happen soon SPACE MAINTENANCE the upspace door still doesn’t work right WIZARDS board wizards should happen 
 #TODO: Everyone, respond to the email about board wizards! 
 #TODO: wizards people send out when2meet for the dates proposed maybe a sound design wizards the Friday before thanksgiving – the 22nd 
 #TODO: mad men, once that is set, publicize BIZNAZZ New member meeting is scheduling on the 16th 
 #TODO: Chris, send new email asap asking about moving to the 17th Let’s keep the box office clean 250th anniversary ideas possibly a big wizards, an ongoing ‘master wizards’ applying for funding to fund their travel 
 #TODO: Skylar, send email about who/what you are thinking about DJing at homecoming and similar events should probably not be a paid gig solid DJing as a part of building a ‘brand’? case by case basis? Visions needs to be somewhere else – December 7th 
 #TODO: Jenny, ask housemates if you can host Thursday December 12th will be workday Minutes: Ursula going well tickets are going fast bag check maybe open both doors? passed their inspection strike tomorrow at 11pm Austin will run strike minutes/13nov10.txt · Last modified: 2013/12/21 02:00 (external edit)"
13dec03,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes 12/3/13 
 HERE: Jenny, Simon, Liz, Marty, Alex, Fletcher, Chris, Skylar, Celeste, Thom, 
 ROSES: the English language, premiere, thanksgiving was big and quite pleasant, maybe have a house for next year, winter is here and I feel grounded in my physical body, dominoes, singing music, it’s my birthday week, not as much happens the week after, magical thing happening when I came to SQ yesterday a la santa’s workshop, doing mics for 
 SNOW QUEEN, the cast of mary stuart, SQ. 
 THORNS: Lost keys, graduation, I’m tired and stressed and it won’t end for a while, not sleeping enough and needing a shower, disconnected from the argument of my thesis, didn’t have time to eat, little thorns all around, everything happens this week, doing a horrible job at the things I care about, today was a hyperventilation kinda day, I don’t dream just run the show again and again in my head, up too late. 
 SNOW QUEEN little setback in set building because saw gave in/breaker went out EPs will check in on building progress and safety etc. we are doing plats tonight and we should stay and help with painting too there is a lot to be done, and people should check in and come by later in the night if able to stuff will be moved away during rehearsal we aren’t moving mics and won’t be buying/using a drum shield push the show on facebook HMs F8: Celeste, Liz Sa8: Thom, Sa11: Chris (?) Su8: Liz, M8: Celeste, Chris T8: Fletcher, Skylar champagne toast will happen around 10pm after the show on Friday skylar will run strike and we will set strike jobs on Sunday GODOT auditions can’t be in upspace on Tuesday and Thursday is work day probably moving auditions to somewhere else altogether callbacks can be in the upspace had show packet meeting a while ago can we get audition info in the silver box? 
 UPSPACEupspace done for the year michelle needs to paint it back Thursday morning 
 #TODO: Austin, can you copy the upspace key? Lottery will be covering almost all of firs half of the semester, will happen on the 19th 
 #TODO: Thom, make an overview of the weeks Writers’ week: it seems that if we’re trying to make it add up with WIL will be stressful, a lot is happening at that time between our shows, twits, and undergraduates being able to audition for WIL shows what about the week before tech week for April slot for Writers Week? SUNDAY SHOW Skylar is doing a Christmas Spectacular TWITS buddies are in touch with their buddies skylar will be the point person 
 FINANCESjenny, conor, Andrew will have a ‘how do finances work’ meeting about the budget immediately after the meeting Sunday and anyone is welcome to join UPCOMING EVENTS Jobs meeting will be this Saturday, December 7th Jenny will send out When2Meet Celeste and Skylar will be on Jobs food committee it’ll be in the afternoon so people have time to get to their calls Christmas party is on the 11th, 7-10pm Laser tag: 13th, 14th? SPACE MAINTENANCE door fixing is the most pressing, it has something to do with the card update, chris has been in touch with them, should be working soon 
 BUSINESS chris called facilities and outlets in downspace are fixed and outlet for saw works now chris flirted with a facilities woman, we have a good relationship 
 #TODO: alex send out email about the meeting this Sunday austin will meet with stephanie santucci 
 #TODO: Austin, make a spreadsheet for workday jobs Jenny is trying to get photos from Vibrator play and 3c2c MINUTES: Ursula little setback in set building because saw gave in/breaker went out EPs will check in on building progress and safety etc. we are doing plats tonight and we should stay and help with painting too there is a lot to be done, and people should check in and come by later in the night if able to stuff will be moved away during rehearsal we aren’t moving mics and won’t be buying/using a drum shield push the show on facebook HMs F8: Celeste, Liz Sa8: Thom, Sa11: Chris (?) Su8: Liz, M8: Celeste, Chris T8: Fletcher, Skylar champagne toast will happen around 10pm after the show on Friday skylar will run strike and we will set strike jobs on Sunday minutes/13dec03.txt · Last modified: 2013/12/21 02:00 (external edit)"
13nov16,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes 11/16/13 
 ROSES: Seeing Jomama Jones, capstone is done, excited about new mems and fun with movie, had a good time last night, have a job interview, snap chat, I love building and am having fun TDing 
 SNOW QUEEN, shoutout rose to ImProvidence, Murder on the Orient Express 1974 version, last night was fun and Wesleyan today, Gold was great, currently seeing my best friend from home in the Seagull, 
 THORNS: Have to leave soon, tyre flat on my bike, fighting back senioritis on all fronts, what is on my arm and need something fried, not snap chat friends with board people, mom lost her job and financial aid complications, B has to read capstone, MS is stressful, I’m late, confusion, bad sinus infection. THE 
 SNOW QUEEN still waiting for Late Night Fund possibly bringing in students from Central Falls high school for design run, in contact with Erik Ehn Scandinavian studies maybe too? Ordet got funding from them and HC Andersen is a very famous Dane Build schedule still not set Budget has to be set, then schedule, then possibly a build wizards will happen 
 #TODO: Andrew, create and plan build wizards there is possibly a design run on Monday board members are encouraged to come to second design run, which will most likely be Monday or Tuesday of next week band problems are being solved INTERJECTION: Emma is like actually obsessed with this show and cannot wait 
 UPSPACEanna is in here now Liz will monitor tonight next week is Michelle, last of the semester we need a more organized system for returning keys for upspace we should hold another lottery by the end of the semester maybe we need to have fewer lotteries to give more time for more ambitious projects SUNDAY SHOW cheno is in here on Sunday with the drag show monitors: conor and jenny no plats will be needed – will do benches and chairs instead tickets: will do ticketing through Eventbrite – maybe releasing 80 online there should be a table downstairs to check tickets etc. 
 #TODO: get showtimes for TPOC so we can set monitors WIZARDS Lizzy can do a wizards this Friday 22nd possibly afternoon, maybe 3-5? 
 #TODO: Alex, email Sam and figure out what makes sense with the SQ build schedule NEW MEMS 
 #TODO: Everyone double check that you have their phone number and LET THEM KNOW THAT THE MEETING IS NOT TODAY so they won’t be waiting for phone call. also double check that you have their phone number 
 FINANCES
 #TODO: Chris, check in with Marissa about the missing money for Vibrator play 
 #TODO: Chris, if you want to be reimbursed for the thing from this summer, get in touch w Jenny We should include finances in board wizards 
 GRANTS open jar has money and an application, maybe will get another SPACE MAINTENANCE Jenny put in two requests, door and heat 
 #TODO: Andrew, send in facilities request for toilet paper dispenser speaker in the downspace still needs to come down SAFETY we need to remember to fill out the fire safety sheets 
 BUSINESS 
 #TODO: Everyone, fill out the Boards Wizard When2meet perhaps we need to reconsider the dates because that week is already very PW packed? we should make Writers’ Week happen again, and should try to set dates so we can set aside an upspace week maybe lining up with Writing is Live? We should possibly try to organize the upspace calendar further in advance? combination of Writers’ week and Outerspace? We should send an email this week Visions Spreadsheet – everyone should look at it and add to it tag on to the ones you want to talk about the most so we can spend time most effectively Jenny and Conor will run Visions maybe set a date for visions and final date for when spreadsheet is done Ursula is leaving the country on the 12th and will have to miss workday. She is sorry. Minutes: Ursula still waiting for Late Night Fund possibly bringing in students from Central Falls high school for design run, in contact with Erik Ehn Scandinavian studies maybe too? Ordet got funding from them and HC Andersen is a very famous Dane Build schedule still not set Budget has to be set, then schedule, then possibly a build wizards will happen 
 #TODO: Andrew, create and plan build wizards there is possibly a design run on Monday board members are encouraged to come to second design run, which will most likely be Monday or Tuesday of next week band problems are being solved INTERJECTION: Emma is like actually obsessed with this show and cannot wait minutes/13nov16.txt · Last modified: 2013/12/21 02:00 (external edit)"
13nov25,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes 25/11/13 
 ROSES: wrote a raw-ass poem, really excited to go home for thanksgiving, officially being a board member at the meeting, new mems, simon giving hm speech and maybe we have a house, productive day and thanksgiving, I didn’t set an alarm but woke up right when I needed to, got gloves, went through great time when I thought I was done, we are here, and les miz gisp, I’m like doing okay, tomato soup and thanksgiving, the episode on fish in the life series, First pw board meeting and thanksgiving, I'm beginning to see semester long project take shape and it's pretty exciting. 
 THORNS: sad afternoon, losing track of myself, my windows don’t keep the cold out of my room, circuit breaker is thrown on the saw and no one is coming, mixed signals, sometimes I stop feeling like a human being and I don’t know why, sitting in the german studies dept but didn’t have the work I needed to do, nightmares, I am actually not done, interview didn’t work out and everything is a mess, had to give speech and it was bad and someone was morally aghast by it, December deadlines and stress, I wish I hadn't bothered to book flights home for Christmas because just thinking about going home makes me tired and sad, Missing the first part of the first meeting and being up at the time that I am sending this email, this really is my last semester and in missing the new mems first meeting. 
 HERE: Thom, Jenny, Celeste, Conor, Simon, Alex, Andrew, Liz, Evan, Fletcher, Ursula GODOT Contract is very strict and has been signed by the SAO sent letter to Beckett estate and got a negative response repercussions could be grave, PW and Brown could be unable to do a Dramatists play Patrick is here and has been part of the process Because of the situation, Patrick will be moving forward with an all-male cast auditions will be Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday weekend after the Queen plays. 
 SNOW QUEEN Design run tonight at 8pm things are moving forward we got free lumber and so set has not yet spent any money dry tech and wet tech Sat and Sunday after thanksgiving 
 #TODO: Conor/Austin: look into when microphones can be moved 
 #TODO: Conor, check up on drum shield situation Sam and Andrew are painting floor and back wall when we are back from Thanksgiving break Andrew will send out details 
 UPSPACEwe should finalize the calendar before we set the lottery times it would be end of January slot if we pull this round WIL coinciding with Writers’ Week? TWITS do we lose more by pushing it back or by rushing it? other option would be going into MF’s week, have tech on spring weekend (be shittier overall) we will keep TWITS where it is now TWITS will have to audition next semester 
 #TODO: Jenny, make a TWITS event. Proposals will be due at noon December 17th Plays/Scripts due on the 14th proposal meeting will then be at 5pm or around that time on the 17th -Conor will be point person for now, people should email him for buddies SCHEDULING We are overloaded on events this semester and will have to visions and board wizards to next semester, as these are the events that do not strictly have to happen this semester visions and board wizards will be a good way to start next semester off right we will schedule those dates this semester 
 #TODO: Thom, send email for scheduling December 7th will be jobs BBQ December 11th at 7pm will be the Christmas party Workday is the 12th 
 #TODO: Conor, look for online secret santa generator or figure out how SUNDAY SHOW Nothing till Skylar (15th) 
 GRANTS Liz will put New Works in Morning Mail generally we will be pushing New Works more WIZARDS board wizards will be happening next semester sound wizards in here today SPACE MAINTENANCE keep an eye on the drain, leaves collect and it clogs DS heat got fixed SAFETY Marty, Liz, and Austin are certified scaffolding people there are now red tags when scaffolding is unsafe or ‘done for the day’ red tags should never be lying around 
 BUSINESS jobs bbq hamburger fridge. 
 #TODO: Team Save-the-fridge, Save-the-fridge we should pull the upspace lottery after TWITS, probably on the 19th -props room will be cleaned on work day 
 #TODO: Skylar, check up on fundraising. When will it happen, what do we need to do? Simon found some keys and someone lost them and they will be reunited and it will be beautiful We should have ‘attending’ in the minutes MINUTES: Ursula Contract is very strict and has been signed by the SAO sent letter to Beckett estate and got a negative response repercussions could be grave, PW and Brown could be unable to do a Dramatists play Patrick is here and has been part of the process Because of the situation, Patrick will be moving forward with an all-male cast auditions will be Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday weekend after the Queen plays. minutes/13nov25.txt · Last modified: 2013/12/21 02:00 (external edit)"
14feb23,OK," PWiki PW MEETING MINUTES 2/23/14 
 ROSES: parents are coming to lunch, brother’s here, unexpectedly won a cappella competition a la pitch perfect, yesterday, show’s going well, yesterday, I am the captain of my fate I am the master of my soul, grad school good news, show weekend, stewart and alex’s parents, a million see you soons, my mom is coming to visit me and I’m excited about theatre, liked pillowman and like theatre, it’s a beautiful day, alex in pillowman, super fun to film things, it’s beautiful outside, pillowman and violet, pant. 
 THORNS: the weekend before show and very busy, I am the captain of my fate I am the master of my soul, this is one of those days where you have to do all the things (x2), sad people, one goodbye, laundry, too much work, this world is chaos, jealousy, I spend all my time inside, stress and dealing with it, so much to do today. 
 HERE: Simon, Skylar, Kate (visiting), Andrew, Marty, Jenn (visiting), Kutay (visiting), Thom, Emma, Ursula, Alex, Ben, Margaret (visiting), Evan, Celeste, Austin, Fletcher, Jenny, Liz. THE PILLOWMAN everything is going according to plan show up for strike is 10.45 Monday we are also doing plats for medea skylar will run pillowman strike 
 #TODO: Jenny, please ask Cheno for eventrbrite reserves for the pillowman MEDEA they are having a design run on Tuesday at 9pm they started hanging, building, etc. tech this weekend 
BOBRAUSCHENBERGAMERICA they need an ASM and a TD the SM is going to miss next week board monitors would be helpful 
 #TODO: Jenny, please email the board with audition monitor times 
 UPSPACEkutay’s here next week th8: skylar f8: andrew sa8: evan evan will get key back to give to kutay super secret is happening mid March next upspace lottery is march 2nd SUNDAY SHOW we should assign lady comedy a date, send another email and then move down waitlist NEW MEMBERS the schmooze is Wednesday the 5th 
 #TODO: Emma, make facebook event live and please reserve a room for the meeting Wednesday the 12th at 5pm 250TH WIZARDS skylar will send out a final list of dates with every wizard we are trying to do a smaller workshop type thing and then a large open talk 
 GRANTS open jar gave away 150$ to pay for rights for pause 250$ left in the jar new works nothing has changed margaret’s f with the audience officially exists now we should announce grants at the schmooze 
 FINANCESandrew and jenny need to meet about budget SPAY MAY BABY lights are fixed there are holes in the roof 
 BUSINESS hanging rehearsal lights can be a learning opportunity for ALDs it can be at the discretion of the show but it does need to get done 
 #TODO: Jenny, put that in the show packet violet had an info session and it was helpful we need to paint the floor for medea 
 #TODO: conor, email sam about the sand that is painted onto the floor strike: set designer and whoever is running strike should meet and make a step by step plan apparel committee will meet soon 
 #TODO: upspace/april slot meet about clown workshop we need to strike the space completely andrew will make spreadsheets 
 #TODO: Skylar, send out email for writers’ week people to meet up MINUTES: Ursula everything is going according to plan show up for strike is 10.45 Monday we are also doing plats for medea skylar will run pillowman strike 
 #TODO: Jenny, please ask Cheno for eventrbrite reserves for the pillowman minutes/14feb23.txt · Last modified: 2014/02/23 13:28 by uraasted"
13dec08,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes 8/12/13 
 ROSES: 11 oclock of SQ, SQ, seeing maryy stuart, ad libbed a line and it killed, probably gonna be super cold and do no work, getting to go home soon, don’t have to take math final, maeve is here and storytellers was awesome, audience was great, the view from the top, skylar’s face in MS, there was a puppy, violet, last night was fun and energizing, last piece of work, I have a goal and will do everything in my power till I accomplish it. 
 THORNS: I have a semester left and that’s scary, stupid, my bed is too comfortable, was gonna wake up early and have breakfast w dad but instead did nothing, not enough sleep, have harder final instead, cop stopped me and asked if I found my dog which means someone who looks like me lost her dog, can’t stop wearing crocs, walking uphill in the snow, making up work from concussion times, crappy little big things, I’m late, haven’t done work, I’m way too late. 
 HERE: Jenny, Andrew, Margaret (visiting), Liz, Perri (visiting), Skylar, Alex, Marty, Simon, Fletcher, Celeste, Ursula, Marcus (visiting), Cheno (visiting), Evan, Thom, Chris, Emma, Conor. 
 SNOW QUEEN the neck of the electric violin snapped for the first run yesterday since there was no contract signed, Cheno will be contacting the owner of the violin and get a quote for how much repairing it will cost strike will be on Tuesday, Skylar will be running strike, will be in contact with Sam for midnight organ concert: cheno will get a list of time slots and people will be leaving 10 minutes before they need to sing and come straight back We have five gallons of black paint and will be painting tonight GODOT Auditions are Tuesday-Thursday 1-5pm production team will be at strike 
 #TODO: everyone push 
 #TODO: Liz, put audition poster in silver box callbacks can be in the upspace USPACE 
 #TODO: Austin, copy the key lottery: we will give away the two weeks, and then have writers’ week is the week before spring break 
 #TODO: Thom, make the event for the lottery SUNDAY SHOW Simon and Skylar are in here on the 15th if monitors are needed we can set them next week 
 GRANTS new works still has money TWITS meeting will be on the 17th at the duck and bunny people who are unable to be there can send thoughts via email 
 #TODO: Conor, check the rights for Venus in Fur asap buddies are in touch with buddies and shadow buddies are being cc’ed 
 #TODO: buddies, update spreadsheet when you know what they are doing 
 #TODO: Thom, buddy Emma 
 FINANCESwe are rescheduling the money meeting, hopefully before end of semester skylar is on top of applying for funding for 250th UPCOMING EVENTS christmas party is at 7pm this Wednesday bring food things if you have them Laser tag is December 14th 
 #TODO: Emma/Conor: can you ask if we can borrow any of the 248 williams cars we should go to laser gate and need to check that it’s open jenny will look into groupon, she will be laser master SPACE MAINTENANCE facilities came twice this week and fixed what needed fixing 
 #TODO: chris will send in request for men’s bathroom tp dispenser to be fixed light board is really problematic and unstable 
 #TODO: Andrew, look into light board options SAFETY first aid kit will be filled we are safe 
 BUSINESS Skylar will send out email about Writers’ Week to set up meeting applying for new works for WW Will it be possible to try to have the meeting/conversation about board commitment? can it be after next Sunday’s meeting? 
 #TODO: Alex, send out email about extending next week’s meeting to include this meeting jenny's updating show packet and sm kit 
 #TODO: Celeste and Liz set up a time to meet about PWAQ We should remember that margaret's grant exists. It works like New works and doesn't have to be for shows at pw only our calendar the weekend of spring weekend is free can we do Week In The Space in that week? if yes, it would have no budget and would rely on grants it would be with spring weekend included the alternative is dark week, and maybe projects could be specifically catered to that week we should think of what the pros/cons of filling that time would be maybe can't be called week in the space discussion should happen at the early visions meeting next semester Minutes: Ursula the neck of the electric violin snapped for the first run yesterday since there was no contract signed, Cheno will be contacting the owner of the violin and get a quote for how much repairing it will cost strike will be on Tuesday, Skylar will be running strike, will be in contact with Sam for midnight organ concert: cheno will get a list of time slots and people will be leaving 10 minutes before they need to sing and come straight back We have five gallons of black paint and will be painting tonight minutes/13dec08.txt · Last modified: 2013/12/21 02:00 (external edit)"
14jan25,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes 25/01/14 
 THORNS: woke up a bit later than I would have liked to and my butt hurts from choreography class, boy, guilt about light course load, insane nosebleed, decisions are hard, late night, boys, I cry when it is cold, the hard things are hard, stressed about class decisions, tired, what are the right mistakes?, was mean about jacket losing. 
 ROSES: things are good and I am enjoying life, boy, I feel good, close to fulfilling requirements, everything is working out 110 percent better than I could have hoped, same clothes yay good night, callback list, feeling pretty good friends are great, penny richer, the good things are really good, mom called and also I am bringing devil dogs, brickway breakfast, happy to be back, good production meeting also party at 248 tonight. 
 HERE: Andrew, Thom, Ben, Emma, Celeste, Alex, Jenny, Conor, Skylar, Ursula, Fletcher, Liz, Simon, Evan, Cheno (visiting). WAITING FOR GODOT process on track hands for lights will be helpful PILLOWMAN good turnout for auditions will be cast by tomorrow we should keep asking for banner IDs on audition forms MEDEA auditions are this week they don’t have ASMs yet but are looking we need a second EP USPACE monitors: Tue9: celeste Thu9: conor Sa8: skylar, andrew Sa11: liz we can use SUNDAY SHOWS meeting to set it soon, email with SPRING @ PW 
 #TODO: buddies be in touch with your buddies letting them know that you are their buddies jenny is buddying Schmooze will be January 29th alex will get fingerfood, conor rosé decision meeting still not set but looking like it will be on the 23rd VVIISSIIOONNSS visions will be tomorrow at 248 on the floor that survives the party better very crucial to be able to start at 10am, get there so we can begin at 10, phone chain 2pm will be a hard stop 250th Wizard Seth Bockely is affirmed to be here May 2nd-4th we should definitely push these events, possibly personal contacts so people know about it and show up maybe a separate facebook page from which we can update? should we try to get an email list together for people who work on shows? 
 #TODO: Andrew, accumulate emails from past shows 
 GRANTS grants are good alex and thom are joining new works committee 
 FINANCESfinance update meeting will be next week because rehearsal was moved SPACE MAINTENANCE there is a bulb out in the DS 
 #TODO: Andrew, fill out a facilities request for the bulb SAFETY we are safe 
 BUSINESS there is still a carpet from hair, emily kassie's, needs to be picked up got a call from barbizon, unclear when it can get here if it can't get here in time for Godot, Andrew get in touch w ben we should use Eventbrite for Godot tickets because Blueroom is down upspace sound and light boards both work we need to be better at light board etiquette - no food and drink on the tech table, cable always taped down MINUTES: Ursula process on track hands for lights will be helpful minutes/14jan25.txt · Last modified: 2014/01/25 11:54 by uraasted"
14feb09,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes Sunday, February 9 @ 11am Here Marty, Liz, Skylar, Simon, Andrew, Celeste, Cheno (visiting), Perri (visiting), Jenny, Ursula, Evan, Alex, Emma, Fletcher 
 ROSES: godot, wearing no shirt makes me feel like a bra-less girl, I woke up this morning to the most beautiful painting, many a donut, ladies, excitement, this ratty breakfast, great week and birthday and went to new york with a cappella, being a part of godot, acoustic jazz and bossa nova, fun night, pillowman set and talking to marty, made a painting from something I found in the basement, delighting in a lot of things. 
 THORNS: things I have to write and things I want to write aren’t the same, getting sick, crying drunk people, boys, ennui, execution or lack thereof, just not really feeling it today not enough hours, not really a student anymore, the amount of bread treats I can’t eat, technology, a lot of friends are 21 and I am not, there’s too much todot, woke up at 8 and was writing but then fell back asleep, I am late. WAITING FOR GODOT strike is at 10.45 on Monday the 10ths skylar will lead strike side note about programs to tell future PMs: we should be better at getting programs printed earlier and not right before we can also get them folded there sand: 
 #TODO: alex figure out the deal with container for sand PILLOWMAN they need a key 
 #TODO: conor, please send cheno the updated show packet MEDEA had problems with approval of set and changed to different design would like to get on the 250th calendar 
 #TODO: Conor, get in touch with marty about that calendar 
 UPSPACEwe’re gonna have a new lottery before spring break 
 #TODO: upspace people, figure out the dates SUNDAY SHOW we only have three Sunday shows this year because we don’t want to have one on spring weekend SPRING @ PW buddies: on track rights things still need to get cleared meeting is the 22nd 
 #TODO: Emma check up on SOTG room clash 250thwizards we are doing well funding is moving forward PWOM Prom will be Friday, April 18th if you are not party trained, you should 
 GRANTS open jar has a full 450 but there is an application new works gave out money to three different projects 
 FINANCESthe finances tutorial meeting will happen today at 2pm in Meeting Street Café the board will be approximately 500$ 
 #TODO: Andrew and Jenny, write a supplemental funding request 
 SPACE MAINTENANCE: BAYBAY light fixed downstairs the front door 
 #TODO: Conor, submit a work order for the door Ben, did you submit work order for the lights in the upspace? 
 BUSINESS we should change rehearsal lights, can happen during strike? new mems meeting will be on Sunday, March 16th we can’t upload photos right now to website 
 #TODO: alex get in touch with Isaac about a fix we should use ventfull, maybe make it a job? HMs for godot announce auditions for el grito del bronx writers’ week is the week before spring break and we should meet about it #TODO, skylar send out a when2meet for it we should definitely do at least a mini board wizard 
 #TODO: Andrew, make a google doc for ‘skills to learn and teach’ maybe adding a tail at the end of the meeting as mini board wizards pw swag meeting will happen and we should definitely get pw swag for spring weekend Minutes: Ursula strike is at 10.45 on Monday the 10ths skylar will lead strike side note about programs to tell future PMs: we should be better at getting programs printed earlier and not right before we can also get them folded there sand: 
 #TODO: alex figure out the deal with container for sand minutes/14feb09.txt · Last modified: 2014/02/09 12:10 by uraasted"
14feb18,OK," PWiki PW MEETING MINUTES 2/18/14 
 ROSES: pillowman & space team & the triwizard tournament, shaved, quizup & space team, pillowman & sleep last night & got contact back in & date with cute boy, putting things together, fun at medea, lots o sleep, great houseguest, recovered, loooove the risd film, love pillowman, nyc internship confirmed! 
 THORNS: i am not human anymore, summer plans (or lack thereof), lots to do, no work done & fell asleep & contact fell out & cute boy is probs straight, i am falling apart, laundry day, shouldn’t be sleeping so much, lots of work, was sick, miss a boy & job weirdness, pillowman is trying to kill me, hour and a half long safety training 
 HERE: jenny, andrew, alex, marty, celeste, evan, simon, emma, thom, conor, fletcher, liz THE PILLOWMAN budget is a ok plats Wednesday at 11, ben and andrew will tape out where they should go Conor will set up an eventbrite, 60 seats HMs — be there an hour and a half before! fri 8: conor, sat 6: celeste sat 10: fletcher, emma sun 8: jenny, thom mon 8: marty MEDEA got $250 from classics, not applying for any more money austin has ordered wood sand concerns! too much sand? design run tonight at 8 (come if you want!), prod meeting afterwards skylar or ben, put up some general washes for more pleasantly-lit rehearsals please? 
 UPSPACEevan is meeting with kutay soon but things are under control next lottery: 
 #TODO: upspace kiddos, tell us when the weeks are and make a fb event kali quinn teaching a clown class—week before spring weekend? 
 #TODO: celeste, get in touch with jenn about this we have a key! SUNDAY SHOW lady comedy is down! need a date (classic ladies, always needin a date) poler bears and tpoc we still need to hear from taiko should have one next semester, for sure SPRING @ PW meeting is saturday at 9 in jww chandelier room (501) 
 #TODO: buddies, make sure your buddies know they will have an interview! buddy check-ins: alex/gabe: working on a draft conor/jenn: doing good work, no issues jenny/thom: lunch dating between medea rehearsals, done with a draft, on track evan/kat: powerpoint draft submitted, evan and celeste gave notes marty/nick: doing great, he has an extension until thursday midnight 250TH WIZARDS skylar, any updates? look at the email from jessie we have the booking agents for laura linney and john krasinski 
 GRANTS open jar gave $75 to super secret 
 #TODO: thom, tell jenny about this, jesus new works gave money to super secret, late as fuck, days between 
 #TODO: liz, make an app for the margaret fucks with the audience grant 
 FINANCESfinance tutorial was fun if ineffective (thom), there will be another one 
 #TODO: jenny, look into receptionist maybe being over budget 
 #TODO: jenny, look into kate telma’s reimbursements jenny and andrew will deal with spring budgeting NEUTER&SPAY MAY upspace is leaky 
 #TODO: conor, send in facilities request, or better yet call them! we should do something nice for maria 
 #TODO: emma, figure out something nice SAFETY austin? 
 BUSINESS [intimate] apparel team will meet pwom will be registered and will happen conor will apply for liquor license jenny and conor will meet and do twits show packet sotg wants to borrow furniture and duv(?) this is ok, but days between has some, and medea has first dibs we need to be sure that we comply with all safety regulations. seriously 
 #TODO: conor, look into borrowing a car to pick up our keyboard board wizards would be sick yall 
 #TODO: andrew, make a board wizards spreadsheet 
 #TODO: evan, make a when2meet IF YOU DARE 
 #TODO: everyone, fill out the when2meet 
 #TODO: emma, make a schmooze and new mems facebook event wednesday before medea is schmooze days between borrowed douve(??) and will get it back to us days between built 3×8 plats and will give them to us 
 #TODO: marty, ask austin if the captain’s ladder is in the medea set MINUTES: Simon budget is a ok plats Wednesday at 11, ben and andrew will tape out where they should go Conor will set up an eventbrite, 60 seats HMs — be there an hour and a half before! fri 8: conor, sat 6: celeste sat 10: fletcher, emma sun 8: jenny, thom mon 8: marty minutes/14feb18.txt · Last modified: 2014/02/18 13:11 by uraasted"
14mar09,OK," PWiki PW MEETING MINUTES 9/3/14 
 ROSES: medea, nothing makes me happier than it being light at 6.30, medea, all the sushi and great night, beautiful outside, going out with grandparents to dinner times two, brian’s brother and fun, saw frozen, at party barely saw Andrew but then he gave me the most important hug, drove a car, medea has been fun, singing pretty songs, advice from thom, it’s my birthday, nice lunch with father, medea gets better everytime i see it, sing a better bass, great time in boston. 
 THORNS: promises unkept, can’t go outside although it’s nice there, called people for bagel gourm so I could eat, all congested, general anxiety, forgot birthday, slowly filling in every chunk of free time with things, might not be able to see les miz, car didn’t have brakes, whatever I tripped on, v busy, won’t be sleeping, my throat hurts, hungover and daylight savings, late, crab rangoon problems, need to sing tenor range by thursday, late. 
 HERE: Alex, Sam K-M (visiting), Thom, Jenny, Fletcher, Evan, Ursula, Simon, Emily (visiting), Kate (visiting), Celeste, Andrew, Devon (visiting), Liz, Ben (visiting), Austin, Ben, Emma, Jenn (visiting), Marty, Dylan (visiting), Conor, Skylar. 
BOBRAUSCHENBERGAMERICA wants rehearsal lights to stay up 
 UPSPACEone person has signed contract super secret's in here this week, try not to enter the space in the meantime performances are saturday, on the hour 
 #TODO: Liz, send an email about monitors for super secret next in the space is writing is undead MEDEA strike starts at 10.10pm there is a lot of sand, and we need to plan it out we have to take the wheelbarrow around - there is a ramp by the dumpster buckets of sand is another option austin will spearhead the sand operation we can send people to the upspace in the meantime we need to clean also but only have one mop, 
 #TODO: Liz and evan, find a mop if you can conor will be second hm for preshow stuff for tonight's show SUNDAY SHOW there needs to be a sharper deadline for accepting sunday show clown show will get the last sunday show clown would need to do their own advertising because we have a wizards the day before conversation about sunday show/upspace: possibly an application for sunday shows can we utilize the step of the upspace process before lottery better? also, maybe let's add something to the app about how to use the week 
 #TODO: upspace and sunday show people - meet and develop the changes, upload to website maybe we need a calendar in the lobby for upspace? a white board calendar? NEW MEMS all on track meeting will be on sunday march 16th starting at 9am apps are due 5pm on wednesday concise and clear is a priority - remind your buddies and explain to them why this is actually helpful for them, so that we can give the attention to each app new mems people will send out a breakdown of the day WRITERS' WEEK writers' week people will meet to schedule soon open readings might be added to the schedule we have submissions and proposals 250th WIZARDS sam is coming this saturday for first 250th wizards get excited and spread the word skylar will send email with info to send/publicize workshop will be at 1pm 
 #TODO: Jenny and Marty, talk to bobrausch about the event 
 FINANCESsubmitted budget SPAY MAY sound during medea: sounded like a body crawling through the vents, trying to break into the space facilities said they have fixed the leak 
 GRANTS committees will meet and decide about two new applications open jar is still halfway spent 
 BUSINESS next meeting will most likely be saturday at 11am 
 #TODO: Marty, send out email about next week's meeting time - when2meet bdh stuff: they are trying not to have overlapping content between the blog and the daily herald 
 #TODO: Jenny, update show packet with a note about that. Also, please put a note about how there is only one outlet available. Sound board isn't working as it should. When you move the master it crackles Maybe we need to take better care of the light/sound board, set up the boards for the shows in order to avoid things from breaking board training? locking up the boards? rolling tables? case? maybe not necessary to move it, instead locking it up in a hardcase? we'll do an 'update the website' workshop sometime after new members andrew will make the calendar, marty will look over it the boards wizards google doc is up 
 #TODO: everyone, fill it out so we can figure out what we need to learn and when we need to start using the cloud and stop using dropbox 
 #TODO: andrew, jenny - put budget into owncloud 
 #TODO: Ben, arrange a when2meet for board wizards for after new mems we have a dumpster, throw out stuff from your rooms MINUTES: Ursula wants rehearsal lights to stay up minutes/14mar09.txt · Last modified: 2014/03/09 12:52 by uraasted"
14mar02,OK," PWiki PW MEETING MINUTES 020314 
 ROSES: old friends, donuts, my neighbor makes me stop playing piano but I annoyed her back, energizing couple of days, first pw meeting, visited my dad and great day, video game, seeing brothers’ play, good night last night, in a play again, peter and the starcatcher, donuts, good friends and kind strangers, crazy downtown event, often lonely in the ratty but saw lots of friends, with liz, fig bar, I feel really great. 
 THORNS: things aren’t always what they seem, no donut, won upspace lottery but had nothing to do, disturbing tweets and hot pockets, exhausting month, not much sleep, still drunk and black on black pants, have to be off book, challenging week of conversation, stuck in a computer, only one of these statements is a lie. 
 HERE: Ian (visiting), Spencer (visiting), Shannon (visiting), Emily (visiting), Ben (visiting), Kate (visiting), Keston (visiting), Jenn (visiting), Alex, Austin, Thom, Marty, Ben, Ursula, Skylar, Evan. MEDEA we will move a lot of sand into the downspace HMs F8: Marty (?) Sa6: Evan, Thom Sa10: Ben Su8: Alex Mo8: Austin if you want reserves email marty to get them someone needs to help austin spider the plats, won’t take long maybe during the schmooze 
BOBRAUSCHENBERGAMERICA show is cast and funded first production meeting is at 3pm today still trying to figure out TD still looking for an ASM and for people to build 
 UPSPACEpause happened 
 #TODO: Evan, check up on dressing room, if messy ask them to clean up lottery will be pulled tonight SUNDAY SHOWS figuring out march 16th lady comedy is may 4th NEW MEMS 
 #TODO: get in touch schmooze is happening this Wednesday at 11pm 250th wizards march 14th-16th sam kusnetz may 2nd-4th seth bockley april 26th potentially sarah ruhl we have to do ticketing for some of these PWOM skylar and jenny met things are on track, forms have been submitted remember that we are trying to bring new people into the space can we put up show posters or photos we won’t pay the dj, we most likely have someone who will do it for free PW APPAREL some sort of sweatshirt we should make each order available to anybody spring weekend tanks 
 GRANTS liz is putting up eff with the audience grant no new new works apps open jar is half full half empty 
 FINANCESandrew and jenny are meeting on Monday to make a budget we’re applying for supplemental funding 
 SPACE MAINTENANCE:  leak is on the radar there are still things in the upspace that should have been taken down we have to be clear about upspace weeks leaving the space as they got it the noise in the upspace, can we do something about it? 
 BUSINESS we should maybe reconsider if established groups with budgets, etc. should be able to apply for upspace weeks especially since they are able to apply for Sunday shows should there be an enforcing mechanism for strike in the upspace? strike monitor having someone there who knows what needs to happen we might have to move the website www.pw.pw? no writers’ week push for submissions but also make sure people follow through Minutes: Ursula we will move a lot of sand into the downspace HMs F8: Marty (?) Sa6: Evan, Thom Sa10: Ben Su8: Alex Mo8: Austin if you want reserves email marty to get them someone needs to help austin spider the plats, won’t take long maybe during the schmooze minutes/14mar02.txt · Last modified: 2014/03/02 13:34 by uraasted"
14mar17,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes 17/3/14 
 ROSES: good mood, spring break, sleep, lentil soup, Thursday night will be nice, won award, slept a lot, she enjoyed the joke, best snack I’ve ever had – dark chocolate and orange juice, this room looks like a little magical room, lovely rehearsal times two, people saying yes to my ideas. 
 THORNS: rough long meeting and concentration requirements, instagram, didn’t get to wear green, didn’t apply for jobs, 13 pages until break, still sick, broke the rules and feel dumb, I don’t get sick but am sick now and hate it, lack of self confidence, late and have to leave early, way more work than there are hours in the day, slipping into old habits. 
 HERE: Kate (visiting), Liz, Emma, Ursula, Jenny, Conor, Simon, Marty, Alex, Ben, Celeste, Andrew, Evan, Skylar, Fletcher, Thom 
BOBRAUSCHENBERGAMERICA plats is tomorrow, Tuesday march 18th at 11pm sam will most likely be there, Kate will be in touch with him design run will be Thursday starting at 7pm clothes have to be flamexed latest by Monday before the show 
 #TODO: Conor, please send Kate the information for rights (for program, poster) USPACE Writers’ Week HMs will have to be there at 7.30pm Tuesday 8pm: Ben Wednesday 8pm: Marty/Liz Thursday 8pm: Ben 250th WIZARDS sam kusnetz was here, it was a great workshop and super helpful really great start to pwizards 250 seth bockley may 2nd-4th, a workshop most likely on the 3rd of May we should definitely keep a list of people who attend the workshops so we can contact them about the next ones SUNDAY SHOWS May 4th: Lady Comedy May 11th: most likely Poler Bears Clown workshop happened, was great PWOM 
 #TODO: Skylar, send out jobs list when you get the chance and have the info DJ: miles wants to come back and will do it for free splitting it between miles and Jeffrey? 
 #TODO: jenny, email Jeffrey 
 #TODO: alex, go with form to get licquor license APPAREL tanks for spring weekend pwasted, pw is drunk something apparel group will send out options for tanks envelopes w cash in the box office, ragtag style 
 #TODO: Jenny please make the list of people who worked at pw for the last few years 
 FINANCESwe submitted budget and are hearing about it tomorrow hopefully we got the money we asked for, jenny will keep us posted 
 SPACE MAINTENANCE: BAYBAY we can’t use outside contractors fletcher has created a calendar on which a month has four weeks with 6 days each SAFETY yellow scaffolding needs foxong 
 BUNNY BUNNY needs an LD, have mentors who will be available 
 BUSINESS we’re going to start collecting donations at the end of shows and will deposit to the SAO we are allowed to start doing donations in order to get your name on back of chairs how much? 97 dollars? we’ll figure it out pwaq soon! liz and celeste will write, evan will format include chairs and apparel re: new performance arts space downtown may be a longer discussion but there is a meeting tomorrow first meeting is tomorrow at 5pm, conor and skylar are going before tomorrow we should compile a list of things to bring in marty is making a google doc for this refreshing keys policy: each show gets 3 keys, they can distribute as they want we should start putting outerspace on the agenda so we can publicize probably skylar, talk to 
 BUNNY BUNNY prod team because there's a performance on the renish date Minutes: Ursula plats is tomorrow, Tuesday march 18th at 11pm sam will most likely be there, Kate will be in touch with him design run will be Thursday starting at 7pm clothes have to be flamexed latest by Monday before the show 
 #TODO: Conor, please send Kate the information for rights (for program, poster) minutes/14mar17.txt · Last modified: 2014/03/18 00:58 by uraasted"
14mar31,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes 31/3/14 
 ROSES: thesis, florida and solo show, ready for the last/next to months, relaxing vacation, ran six miles and did a lot of stuff, spending time and cooking for mom, first official meeting and housing group has incredible number, great break, sleep no more and good break, fun adventure in Mississippi, great break and someone nice bought me my pho, three reasonably okay meals at the ratty today and eight hours of choreo yesterday, I’m really good at senior spring, broad city, new mems are here and buying a playboy for bobrauschenberg, carried something v heavy v far, being back at brown,BOBRAUSCHENBERGAMERICA , walking walking walking walking, bobrasuchenberg. 
 THORNS: thesis, burglary and lost photographs, anxious about things that don’t even exist, drunken barber shave, not enough time to do all the things that need doing, funeral, it’s like Monday, not enough time, don’t know what’s important any more, two unfinished paper, spoilers, all of the things and no time and failing, dropping out, so much is going on that sometimes I feel like I’m watching my life go by rather than living it, realizing how silly I look when I sit funny, was expecting to go home and be with the people who love me but they went to Europe, headaches, this is really happening, thesis due in two days. 
 HERE: Paige, Keston, Andrew, Austin, Evan, Conor, Emma, Ursula, Josh, Ben, Liz, Jenny, Skylar, Celeste, Jordana (visiting), Alex, Marty, Kate (visiting) 
BOBRAUSCHENBERGAMERICA HMs F8: Liz, Andrew S6: Ben, Paige S10: Marty, Evan Su8: Conor, Jenny M8: Simon, Fletcher safety inspection is tomorrow at 9.30 Kate needs a PO for publicity tomorrow we have all of the duv back 
 #TODO: Skylar, please talk to Dylan about duv Austin will get a quote for the duv place ticket reserves by 8pm on Wednesday we will have to paint the floor at next strike facebook event will be up soon VIOLET ursula will be the liaison for Violet 
 BUNNY BUNNY auditions are coming up first production meeting this weekend at Saturday at 11am Keston will be the second EP mention the auditions in bobrausch HM speech 
 UPSPACE
BOBRAUSCHENBERGAMERICA is in here now Becca wolinsky and Patrick Madden in here next week 
 #TODO: Celeste, please get in touch w Isabel and tell her about the reading period restrictions thom will meet with becca and patrick SUNDAY SHOWS Lady Comedy is happening Poler Bears will most likely happen too 
 #TODO: Conor, be in touch with Marty 250th WIZARDS all is on track some of the money will go to renish as well BOARDS WIZARDS approximately 3 hours 
 #TODO: Ben, send out When2Meet to find a date for boards wizards PWOM Friday April 18th new mems have to get party trained April 2nd form 1-2pm April 4th 1-2pm April 10th from 12-1pm superlative committee: emma, conor, marty 
 #TODO: superlative committee, meet before 
 #TODO: Everyone, wear awk school shirts and such send preferences about the jobs list to skylar by Tuesday at noon PW APPAREL tanks will be ordered tonight we should extend the sweatshirts deadline order will be sent tomorrow OUTERSPACE 
 #TODO: liz, skylar, austin, celeste – meet and discuss 
 GRANTS eff w the audience had an application committee will meet 
 FINANCESjenny sent emails to people (also phone call and flirt) 
 SPACE MAINTENANCE: BABY the leak has been fixed it seems 
 BUSINESS 
 #TODO: Ben, look at the MF contract 
 #TODO: let’s get L Butterfield a pw sweatshirt painting the floor back we will amend the show packet so that it says the space should be painted by the end of strike we will pizza before paint departing show will have a number of people, we will match with board members 
 #TODO: Liz, check up on rollers 
 #TODO: conor, send email about summer program we should confirm the renish schedule time 
 #TODO: Evan, please send Ursula the exact text and info about sweatshirts for email workday most likely Thursday, liz will get in touch w 
 #TODO: Alex, please update website marty and andrew are making a calendar downspace door new mems got keys!! MINUTES: Ursula HMs F8: Liz, Andrew S6: Ben, Paige S10: Marty, Evan Su8: Conor, Jenny M8: Simon, Fletcher safety inspection is tomorrow at 9.30 Kate needs a PO for publicity tomorrow we have all of the duv back 
 #TODO: Skylar, please talk to Dylan about duv Austin will get a quote for the duv place ticket reserves by 8pm on Wednesday we will have to paint the floor at next strike facebook event will be up soon minutes/14mar31.txt · Last modified: 2014/04/01 00:28 by uraasted"
14apr06,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes APRIL 6th 2014 
 ROSES: bobrauschenbergthesisgermany, despite a hectic week great dance show looking forward to violet, so many performances, nice to take care of someone, 
BOBRAUSCHENBERGAMERICA and the laundry opera, fun night and bonding time times two, feeling good about 80 percent of things, fun weekend at the comedy conference and girlf, have seen a lot of improvidence, kept digging on piano,BOBRAUSCHENBERGAMERICA , breakfast w fletcher and a song about bulbs, arjun pande and a book, first meeting with the new people, i thought adam was calling me but it was just the alarm which looks similar but isn't, being in providence and patrick, beautiful day, fletcher's friendship and annie's recital. 
 THORNS: next two weeks are busy, thesis is intense, general sense of failure and less sleep than planned, this next week, will be alone in class, roommate to nationals, playing catch up, haven't seen ava, no one got my aprils fools, lost wallet, closest to being a fuckup ever, same set of clothes for three days and shaved face, just not even giving two shits, i woke up and can't turn my head to the left, locked out, taking five math and science classes, not enough hours from now until forever. 
 HERE: Marty, Celeste, Skylar, Josh, Ursula, Evan, Andrew, Fletcher, Simon, Ben, Liz, Paige, Conor, Keston, Jenny, Abby (visiting), Emma 
BOBRAUSCHENBERGAMERICA if they have money in the budget they should buy two sheets of plywood props can stay white but plats etc must be painted austin will run strike during strike we have to throw out plats that are out back re: paint, we will have people stay and paint after strike: celeste, keston, fletcher, skylar strike will start at 10pm VIOLET people know that they have to come to strike ground plan done today plats will happen as soon as possible, skylar will be point person mf will probably have a schmooze, liz will be in touch with them BUNNY, BUNNY won't need audition monitors know to come to strike 
 UPSPACEno one in the upspace for spring weekend we will set monitors next week 
 #TODO: Thom, get info from patrick and becca SUNDAY SHOWS we can't have a sunday show during finals maybe switching so the poler bears can do a show during violet 
 #TODO: skylar be in touch about that possibility 
 #TODO: evan, get in touch with anna about the specifics of postering etc. 250th WIZARDS nothing new we do need to get out a renish invite 
 #TODO: andrew, keep bothering skylar about sending out the time 
 #TODO: andrew, look at what time would make sense for renish time BOARDZ WIZARDZ it's tonight at 10pm to 1am we have a lizt and are zplitting into groupz old dogz new trickz SCHEDULING we need to schedule visions and decision meeting April 26th will be decision meeting schmooze for proposing to fall @ pw this wednesday april 9 at 11pm 
 #TODO: Ben, please make facebook event and send to morning mail preliminary date may 4th for visions 
 #TODO: marty, send out when2meet about may 5th PWOM conor, fletcher, celeste will go get the liquor license new mems need to be party trained 
 #TODO: conor, send out party training dates, possibly scheduling specifically for us APPAREL the tanks have been shipped sweatshirt order deadline is tuesday OUTERSPACE FESTIVAL 
 #TODO: outerspace committee will meet probably two or three days of programming maybe it is better to have less programmed so audiences can be more collected 
 GRANTS eff with the audience will meet today open jar halfway full maybe we set a precedent where by which you have to get receipts in in order to be reimbursed 
 FINANCESfiguring out receipts for medea costume money everyone will know how to use the spreadsheet after boardz wizardz we got all the money we asked for SPAY MAY BAY BAY nothing broke this week we will fix the bulbs on workday 
 #TODO: Austin, please make a list of workday things calendar: expo marker is in the box office, anyone should add events we are missing SAFETY EPs have to be on top of deadlines for safety we have to make it a priority to make these deadlines we want to give our designers freedom but have to make safety the priority perhaps we need to put very specific deadlines in the show packet and enforce them 
 #TODO: Austin, please send Jenny the specific deadlines so she can put them in the show packet BIZZNEZZ mailman problem so email went out late respond to email about theatrebridge program if you are interested 
 #TODO: Marty, please get a quote for tuning the piano and what 500$ would buy us in repairs austin will fix the blueroom 
 #TODO: ben, send out email about schmooze to the list of people who worked at pw we have a schedule for next year 
 #TODO: everyone, take a look at calendar and check with your own schedule MINUTES: Ursula if they have money in the budget they should buy two sheets of plywood props can stay white but plats etc must be painted austin will run strike during strike we have to throw out plats that are out back re: paint, we will have people stay and paint after strike: celeste, keston, fletcher, skylar strike will start at 10pm minutes/14apr06.txt · Last modified: 2014/04/06 12:25 by uraasted"
14apr20,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes 20/4/14 ROSES Violet, original music, improvidence, happy to be alive and here, the world is beautiful, sunshine, emotions, the work I get to do, a couple of people who really saved my life, violet, I had a lot of fun working last night, making music, got a lot of work done this week. THORNS I have to write a Shakespeare paper, thermodynamics, getting sick, work, emotions, the work I have to do, incredibly difficult week and emotionally stressful, solo show’s a mess, getting really sick, things coming to an end and still being up in the air, I still need to do more work and I am tired. HERE Ben (for a bit), Marty, Jenny, Jordana (visiting), Paige, Emma, Josh, Simon, Liz, Annie (visiting), Keston. VIOLET HMs are all set Do we need HMs to open the doors let’s ask Skylar about his preference – whether it’s inconvenient not to have PW monitors when are reserves due? PW board members: show time approximately 2.5 right now but still up in the air we will figure out strike time next sunday showtimes: 8 on Friday, 6 and 10 Saturday, 8 on Sunday, 8 on Monday toast at 11pm or right after the show set inspections is tuesday, Josh will make sure the space is clear and no flammables will be there 
 BUNNY BUNNY show is cast, first readthrough is tomorrow showtimes will likely be 7 on wednesday, 3 and 7 on thursday, 4 on friday, and 4 on saturday 
 #TODO: Liz, if changes happen, be in touch with emma to figure out schedule 
 UPSPACEpatrick and becca were in here Thursday, Ursula and cheno Saturday everything went well, piano can stay out for violet SUNDAY SHOW lady comedy (to be renamed) will be in here next there will be events at 2, 4, 8, and 10 on the sunday we will get monitors when we're closer poler bears will be doing a show in the space this fall 250th WIZARDS Skylar, what time will the event on may 3rd be? FALL @ PW extensions should be granted if needed since quantity of proposals is rather small continue to push for submissions – get in touch with people personally meeting will be in JWW 401, schedule will be sent out this week ADOCH we are in the ADOCH literature, the event is 4-4.50 we need people to meet at the main green with the PW sign 
 #TODO: Liz, send email to board about making sure there are people there for the event VISIONS will be Monday, may 5th from 4pm-8pm not everyone can be there for the whole time but there is at least an hour where everyone can be we could make this a potluck, emma will organize APPAREL evan will have 'office hours' again for pickup OUTERSPACE FESTIVAL might be pushed back a bit, liz and skylar will coordinate we need a facebook event asap it is imperative to give people enough time to prepare so we should get a submissions system going soon RENISH 
 BUNNY BUNNY is at 4pm on saturday the only time that really makes sense is noon on Saturday 
 #TODO: Marty, figure out the invitation for renish 
 GRANTS high five happened. anna has been contacted about the money in open jar 
 FINANCESAustin, Jenny is giving you the go ahead on buying the steel bobrausch reimbursements are in pwom: we should aim to spend no more than approximately 150$ 
 #TODO: Celeste, return the handles we had leftover MF transferred tuning money 
 SPACE MAINTENANCE: BAYBAY where the basketball hoop was for super secret looks sort of bad, should be fixed up 
 BUSINESS 
 #TODO: Jenny, look at SAO report 
 #TODO: Fletcher, follow up on things with GMCS - possibly a written apology? Thursday, may 1st is workday email austin if things need to happen for you 
 #TODO: everyone, send conflicts MF is having a schmooze in the upspace at 11pm this Wednesday, April 23rd MF are interested in paying for part of the piano repairs Steinway M got moved upspace piano got tuned capture the mammoth will be monday may 19th celeste held 'office hours', not a lot of people came but we should continue it we need to streamline the house manager speech, make sure we include something like 'what is pw' so people know where they are, who we are, etc. liz will be thinking about revamping the lobby, making sure there's info about what we do MINUTES: Ursula HMs are all set Do we need HMs to open the doors let’s ask Skylar about his preference – whether it’s inconvenient not to have PW monitors when are reserves due? PW board members: show time approximately 2.5 right now but still up in the air we will figure out strike time next sunday showtimes: 8 on Friday, 6 and 10 Saturday, 8 on Sunday, 8 on Monday toast at 11pm or right after the show set inspections is tuesday, Josh will make sure the space is clear and no flammables will be there minutes/14apr20.txt · Last modified: 2014/04/20 12:24 by uraasted"
14apr13,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes 13/4/14 
 ROSES: fun donuts and building stuff today, celeste and liz are chill and people noticed and it made them feel like a star, good SW, someone I didn’t know cares about me cares about me, was on a roll, one on one, SW, good strike, encountered a lot of humanity, face paint pace faint, I feel so fun and flirty, Lauryn Hill times two, andrew bird, sleep. 
 THORNS: people owe me money, long to do list, my body’s telling me no, why can’t we all just do Spring Weekend every weekend, couldn’t sleep, couldn’t stop touching, group interactions, almost over, to much to do, my job isn’t my job, spewing words on pages tight jaw, substance, bad breakup. 
 HERE: Liz, Celeste, Ben, Marty, Simon, Paige, Josh, Ursula, Jenny, Jose (visiting), Fletcher, Alex, Evan, Thom. VIOLET we’re on track Skylar will organize plats show will be performed barefoot dealing with safety things, set should be safe there will be an MF schmooze in the upspace on wednesday before show haven't spent any money yet but will be spending soon josh will get out build schedule to MF soon as well 
 BUNNY BUNNY audition sheets are up auditions happening this week once the show is cast the showtimes will be set and we can figure out how it fits with renish 
 UPSPACEbecca and patrick are coming in here this week we have the showtimes and still need monitors Josh will monitor on Tuesday Thom will monitor Wednesday 
 #TODO: Thom, send out showtimes again and we'll figure out monitors anna has been contacted about the restrictions on publicity SUNDAY SHOWS Lady comedy is May 4th 250th WIZARDS No new updates, still figuring out specifics We need to send out renish invitations as soon as possible FALL @ PW 
 #TODO: Marty send out the list of people looking for buddies from the schmooze 
 #TODO: Decision meeting people, reserve a room Everyone, remind your buddies that the suggested maximum is 20 pages Also, remind them that the deadline is Monday, not Wednesday PWOM happening friday night publicize on facebook, use the photos 
 #TODO: Conor, please schedule a party training session that Paige, Keston, and Austin can go to 
 #TODO: Celeste, Ben, (Conor) - alcohol committee 
 #TODO: Fletcher, Simon, Jenny, Alex – decorations DJ Schrödinger is the cat alive? prom starts at 10.30pm Ben, Jenny, Thom, Josh and anyone else who can will be there to set up at 9 other people joining at 9.30 PW APPAREL ordering sweatshirts, still need payment from some people OUTERSPACE we need the specific days and how to apply soon 
 #TODO: committee need to meet RENISH Jenny will be in charge of getting photos printed 
 FINANCES
 #TODO: Andrew, please put back the sheet in the safe so we have a better overview 
 SPACE MAINTENANCE: BAYBAY we can pimp the lobby during violet SAFETY we have to make fire safety a priority, especially in set design and planning 
 #TODO: eventually put that in the set design packet 
 BUSINESS piano: Joel is coming by to tune the piano Monday afternoon celeste will be doing 'freshman office hours' 
 #TODO: Evan, send something to the 2017 facebook group Marty will make a job for piano upkeep Marty will be doing theatrebridge, Emma will most likely be the second person We should update proposal questions before next round of proposals 
 #TODO: Marty, send out when2meet for visions MINUTES: Ursula we’re on track Skylar will organize plats show will be performed barefoot dealing with safety things, set should be safe there will be an MF schmooze in the upspace on wednesday before show haven't spent any money yet but will be spending soon josh will get out build schedule to MF soon as well minutes/14apr13.txt · Last modified: 2014/04/13 12:01 by uraasted"
13may12,OK," PWiki PW MEETING MINUTES // 
 ROSES: adventurous lately, housemates done with work and happy, I’m going home for a few days to surprise my mother, mother's day/shark tank/circuit website, fun night, feel good today, kindness of strangers, sink, alex ostroff, eyecontact, my day yesterday was supreme, joke: an actor walks into a bar and he says “hey can I get some glo-tape on this?”, zack’s reaction, cast, ate a whole pint of half-baked, done with college and it feels good, my housemates and I discovered ‘splash’ on ABC, Idyllic, Ideal, Idea, ID, the finish line is nearing, got to see my girlfriend, archives! 
 THORNS: seaweed before bed gives me nightmares, two weeks is not enough, haven’t even opened the document, no thorn, paper not writing itself, son troubles, finals due montuesweds, things are falling into places but not quite yet, avoiding eye contact, haven’t done laundry in like two weeks, finals, too much talent and hard decisions, eastside creamery only had two donuts left and I still gotta figure out my life, feeling sad, Idle, Idol, Eye, Doll, the finish line is so far away, my memoir will be called ‘lost in east providence’. EL SUENO second design run tomorrow tomorrow, Monday at 10pm show schedule wed may 22 at 7m and 10pm thurs may 23 @ 7pm fri may 24th @ 2pm Saturday may 25th @ 5pm strike is on the 25th SINK we have a cast Skylar will be the second EP production meeting + cast meeting will happen this week might be building in the space over the summer SUNDAY SHOWS happy endings in the upspace 7-9pm, getting into the space around 5.30 today come and go as you please Sunday shows archives are happening 
 GRANTS two applications subcommittee will meet after this open jar: maybe el sueno CAPTURE THE MAMMOTH can’t be Tuesday, Wednesday Monday @ 2pm: Capture the mammoth 
 FINANCESUFB budget is spent and done we can reimburse through the summer RENISH renish is at 4pm on the 25th SPACE MAINTENANCE the toilet paper holder is broken SAFETY 
 #TODO: chris, send list of hazardous materials 
 BUSINESS can we take a new board photo with the new mems in it? yes. exit interviews with directors? could undertaker/postmortem be combined with an interview? visions conversation we should finish workday still a lot of things that need to happen 
 #TODO: adam, if help is needed send out email workday schedule/overview should go out to mf and pw earlier 
 #TODO: Ben, reschedule next week's meeting 
 #TODO: Skylar, get in touch with BUGS call your mothers upspace archiving: if you know anything about any shows get in touch with Marty MINUTES: Ursula NEXT MEETING: tbd second design run tomorrow tomorrow, Monday at 10pm show schedule wed may 22 at 7m and 10pm thurs may 23 @ 7pm fri may 24th @ 2pm Saturday may 25th @ 5pm strike is on the 25th minutes/13may12.txt · Last modified: 2013/12/21 02:00 (external edit)"
13apr28,OK," PWiki PW MEETING MINUTES 04/28/13 
 ROSES: listening to music, done with half my classes, bat boy, I don’t need anything and am happy, donuts and bat boy, weather, getting stuff done, this week I realized that I can do this, woken up in a weird way but then watched mad men, went to seattle and it’s gorgeous, future theatre, reading period, figured out the summer, bat boy. 
 THORNS: there are some games I never learned to play, my room looks like a pigsty, sleeping through my alarm, also perhaps don’t feel responsibility, drank way too much on Friday, lack of vocabulary to describe diarrhea, stinky ass trees, complications, getting drunk and making questionable decisions, that was my fun for the rest of my life, pulling together strings I need to now to make it happen in the future, I need a haircut, I’ve been sick, I let my body go and feel bad. BAT BOY it is happening jessie monitoring tonight, zack tomorrow strike is tomorrow be here for strike at 10.30 EL SUENO it is a cast of four they are having a workshop on Friday may 3rd from 4-6pm in Ashamu 
 #TODO: Chris, ask if they be having rehearsals during workday (Friday the 10th) FALL AT PW 
 #TODO: ask your buddies for hard copies of the plays 
 #TODO: Zack and Alex, send out schedule OUTERSPACE FESTIVAL Saturday first slot monitors three monitors at a time tech table, ‘stage manager’, crowd manager arrival time around half an hour before first show in slot 
 #TODO: outerspace committee send out monitor jobs Outerspace is now running Thursday through Saturday equipment will be taken inside at the end of the day 
 #TODO: Chris, make facebook event 
 #TODO: Jon and/or Evan, make a poster for Outerspace 
 #TODO: subcommittee, talk to the neighbors 
 UPSPACE
 #TODO: conor, make facebook event for lottery SUNDAY SHOWS we have an open slot Sunday may 5th later: celeste with ‘happy endings’ and last Sunday show: Karin’s female comedy show 
 GRANTS individual outerspace shows can apply to open jar and new works after that, the outerspace festival as a whole (tarp, cable, etc.) can apply WORKDAY schedule needs to be made with mf 
 #TODO: Austin and skylar, schedule and plan out with mf SPACE MAINTENANCE we got two new trashcans we need to take out the trash from them perhaps emptying them after the Sunday meetings? maybe making it the responsibility of the show and checking after our meeting watch for rain and flooding in the lobby maybe nara is giving us a sound thing? SAFETY we are safe and sound WIZARDS 
 #TODO: Margaret, make facebook group we have everything we need for wizards 
 BUSINESS jobs bbq will be Sunday may 5th at 5pm 
 #TODO: adam, romeo and Juliet post mortem figure out madmen should make a clearer schedule for what needs to be publicized when and how that works with the budget MINUTES: Ursula NEXT MEETING: Sunday May 5th at 11am it is happening jessie monitoring tonight, zack tomorrow strike is tomorrow be here for strike at 10.30 minutes/13apr28.txt · Last modified: 2013/12/21 02:00 (external edit)"
14apr27,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes 27/4/14 
 ROSES: future, violet was great, donuts and i'm here and skylar and i'm sasha obama's science teacher, becca, cool things w friends, andrew and evan in violet, i emailed lowry asking on a date and she said yes, there are lots of incredible things for me to aspire to, recognizing face but not sure from where, the amount of fucks i give has diminished, things and people that make me smile, the weather, friends, violet super fun, cast and crew of violet, gaining perspective, donuts, it's really nice out, evan in musical and skylar's direction of it. 
 THORNS: still my sunburn, gf left, trade offs, not here and I never will, too much to do too much to do, freaked out by out of bounds, i really need to stop comparing, still v sick, actors on book, the inevitable disappearance of things and people that make me smile, wish i were better at communicating, sick for two weeks and still nervous about voice, inflatable bed open on my room, future worries, can't wake up through alarms, sorry i'm late, very busy. 
 HERE: Liz, Fletcher, Marty, Ben, Jenny, Simon, Paige, Austin, Evan, Skylar, Ursula, Alex, Keston, Andrew, Celeste, Becca (visiting), Thom, Jordana (visiting) VIOLET we will be here at 10.45 to set up scaffolding, Violet will take their 15 minutes strike will start properly at 11pm 
 BUNNY BUNNY want rehearsal lights but unclear what else should stay 
 BUNNY BUNNY going well, rehearsals have started ball rolling on commencement housing build and hang schedule coming soon ground plans exist 
 UPSPACEIsabel and Stella are in here this week they want to come in after strike they have fb event with showtimes we need to know what they plan on doing over email 
 #TODO: Celeste, send out email to figure out monitors anna musselman also on track, planning to apply to open jar SUNDAY SHOW lady comedy in here sunday will be less extensive then originally planned but will happen a change in curating sunday shows? let's check minutes and follow up on that 250th wizards seth bockley is coming this weekend planning a workshop from 1-3pm on saturday dinner with seth bockley will be saturday night, later in the evening we need to publicize 
 #TODO: Skylar, make facebook event with a blurb by tomorrow so people can publicize 
 #TODO: Celeste, send out to Connie's listserv 
 #TODO: Thom, email directors from this year 
 #TODO: Liz, email MF 
 #TODO: Ursula, make Ventfull event 
 #TODO: Marty, get it in morning mail FALL @ PW meeting is on may 3rd in JWW 401 we are taking a 1-3pm lunch break to go to Seth Bockley APPAREL once violet is over evan will have 'office hours' where people can pay and pick up sweatshirts OUTERSPACE campus might empty out around end of finals, because people are leaving before senior week push it back a couple of days? 
 #TODO: Liz, please make a submission facebook event give people a week to submit will be may 14th, possibly extended to the days following we need to figure out how to make the stage without seating plats let's ask 
 BUNNY BUNNY if we can push plats back when we buy bbq stuff for jobs bobs we need to buy extra for outerspace RENISH renish committee will meet and send out invitation 
 GRANTS nothing new for new works but it's coming open jar committee will meet about the application we have after meeting 
 FINANCESbroken dimmer needs to be fixed jenny will update about supplemental funding use the sheet in the safe 
 SPACE MAINTENANCE:  doors in downspace 
 #TODO: ben, facilities request for men's bathroom in the BO there was a ratty box and a trail of ants we just can't leave food in the BO jenny will make the signs for cleanliness SAFETY we are getting set inspected for 
 BUNNY BUNNY the week before the show opens as soon as we pick september show we need to coordinate the safety training 
 #TODO: Austin, please send out an email about the safety training 
 BUSINESS when will we do jobs bobs? 
 #TODO: Marty, send out a when2meet about Saturday May 10th we will buy domino's pizza for strike from now on austin will try to fix the dimmer before violet today 
 #TODO: everyone, send email about workday things to fix to Austin 
 #TODO: everyone, send email about workday conflicts to Liz website needs to be updated and so does calendar downstairs 
 #TODO: Thom, send bobrausch photos to Jenny MINUTES: Ursula we will be here at 10.45 to set up scaffolding, Violet will take their 15 minutes strike will start properly at 11pm 
 BUNNY BUNNY want rehearsal lights but unclear what else should stay minutes/14apr27.txt · Last modified: 2014/04/27 12:06 by uraasted"
13may20,OK," PWiki PW MEETING MINUTES 20/5/13 
 ROSES: bagels and chilltime, friend is coming today, chill time midday yesterday, Saturday parent time and I am one of them and so are you, we aren’t graduating yet, turned in my last paper yesterday, magic, paper done, walked down charlesfield with Margaret, things are coming together, I’m having a good time, documentary about the two oldest twin prostitues in the world and it was an interesting reminder about finding joy and ale, it’s finally time for fun, donuts. 
 THORNS: weather forecast, voice is messed up, totally lost yesterday, leaving keeney, freaking out about graduating seniors and déjà vu, I’m like in the relaxation mode but still have things to do, storage boxes, done but don’t feel better, she didn’t come to the meeting, Louis at 5, I’m late, who am i?, a week is not enough, have to wake up early. EL SUENO tech was successful, everything is on schedule runtime approximately 50 minutes 
 #TODO: Jenny, opening the blue room lesson we’re opening the blue room at 11:59pm tonight programs, posters are all getting printed 
 #TODO: Everyone who can: 11am tomorrow, Tuesday House Managers wed may 22 7: jenny, Skylar and 10: Marty, Thom thurs may 23 @ 7pm: Conor, Andrew fri may 24th @ 2pm: Becca, Saturday may 25th @ 6pm: Alex, 
 #TODO: Ursula, send out email about HMs strike is on the 25th around 7pm Skylar will run El Sueno strike SINK we had our first production meeting finalizing designers there are a couple of assistant positions open still but we’ll offer those to freshmen 
 #TODO: make sure that Sink people come to El Sueno strike 
 #TODO: set up show packet meeting SUNDAY SHOWS happy endings in the upspace 7-9pm, getting into the space around 5.30 today come and go as you please Sunday shows archives are happening 
 UPSPACEIAOOTASAY was here last night If it rains, we could have it here again, Conor would monitor we did the lottery and chose the first four slots RENISH 
 #TODO: Jon, please print the photos Becca sent you 
 #TODO: Skylar, get food for denish Does anyone want to DJ? Yes, Becca does, Becca will do it Setup: Saturday at 3pm Renish is at 4pm El Sueno will warm up in the space 
 GRANTS Liz is new works, the money is done for the semester open jar: el sueno didn’t apply so there is still some money left 
 #TODO: Margaret, send photos to Becca from Super Secret CAPTURE THE MAMMOTH Today @ 2pm: Capture the mammoth email has been sent out to the rules FIANCES 
 #TODO: Jenny, talk to Diane SPACE MAINTENANCE several of the lights in the upspace are out 
 #TODO: Conor, put in a service request 
 BUSINESS let us think about GroupMe? is email enough? Vibrator play EPs should be chosen after push El Sueno on facebook for realz budget for events should maybe be reconsidered, maybe have a budget person for each event early fall we should have a money visions meeting visions conversation about what constitutes ‘full length’ let us have an early visions meeting next year we are gonna have to win mammoth this year spring weekend is now in conflict with a show weekend and we need to redo the calendar 
 #TODO: Becca and Emma, look into this 
 #TODO: Adam, Austin coordinate to install the new things in the shop so shop is useable for the summer when the sun comes up the music should go down MINUTES: Ursula NEXT MEETING: next year tech was successful, everything is on schedule runtime approximately 50 minutes 
 #TODO: Jenny, opening the blue room lesson we’re opening the blue room at 11:59pm tonight programs, posters are all getting printed 
 #TODO: Everyone who can: 11am tomorrow, Tuesday House Managers wed may 22 7: jenny, Skylar and 10: Marty, Thom thurs may 23 @ 7pm: Conor, Andrew fri may 24th @ 2pm: Becca, Saturday may 25th @ 6pm: Alex, 
 #TODO: Ursula, send out email about HMs strike is on the 25th around 7pm Skylar will run El Sueno strike minutes/13may20.txt · Last modified: 2013/12/21 02:00 (external edit)"
14may11,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes 11/5/14 
 ROSES: fun adventure, fun adventure, weather, fun adventure, fun adventure, goin outside, lots of sleep last night, weather, materials research bulletin article justifies marty's existence, summer, basically done, weather, no big thorns, happy with finals writing so far 
 THORNS: some ppl hate the suburbs and feel personally attacked, the suburbs (as concept), indoor meeting (jk!), miss mom and want to go home but want to stay, fear itself, so many things so little sleep, no one three people showed up for build crew, hate wearing suits, two naps ain't sleep, missing out, missed the adventure and this is the last meeting, paper writing, lots of small thorns, not going to be happy with the next 18 pages 
 HERE: Marty, Austin, Andrew, Jenn (visiting), Celeste, Paige, Keston, Evan, Liz, Ben, Alex, Simon, Thom, Conor 
 BUNNY BUNNY great design run on Wednesday, another design run tonight can we move the wood? yes. it will be gone by Tuesday 
 ALMOST MAINEthere is a cast! first prod meeting on Tuesday Jenn, Evan, and Fletcher will figure out early housing 
 UPSPACEanna was in here this week, she will paint this week floor is scuffed, can she paint the floor too? lottery for next fall is on the 16th, pushhh submissions SUNDAY SHOWS poler bears get first choice of all Sunday shows next semester 
 #TODO: Skylar, figure out Sunday show calendar for next year inviting people for specific dates might run smoother (how Margaret did it) 250TH WIZARDS chillin OUTERSPACE FESTIVAL it is on Wednesday! 4-7:30 HMs will happen soon let's publicize so people come encourage performers to invite their friends people need to help Austin set up RENISH Saturday May 24th at noon 
 #TODO: renish people, actually send out invites asap 
 GRANTS open jar gave remaining ~$92 to Anna's show new works still has money there are apps a-comin in 
 FINANCESwe are officially over budget! now we are taking money out of raised funds, so be careful w/ spending good that it is happening this late in the semester almost everyone has been reimbursed 
 SPACE MAINTENANCE:  ask Anna to paint upspace floor 
 #TODO: if anyone sees Jeff, ask him to replace upspace light SAFETY are we safe? yes! LEFTOVER VISIONS TOPIC: BUYING NEW STUFF 
 #TODO: Austin - sewing machine 
 #TODO: Andrew/Austin - look at craigslist for washing machine 
 BUSINESS Marty can't update the website so it will be unupdated for a little while do a once-over of your room and get them stocked for the beginning of the year should the website say how much money is left in grants? no. but we should advertise grants more (esp. new works) MINUTES: Simon great design run on Wednesday, another design run tonight can we move the wood? yes. it will be gone by Tuesday minutes/14may11.txt · Last modified: 2014/05/11 11:34 by shenriques"
13may05,OK," PWiki PW MEETING MINUTES 5/5/13 
 ROSES: delicious bagel and labyrinth, end of the year get-togethers, all the pw time in the end of the year, coffee exchange, weekend, sink, am I now that guy who wants to wear collared shirts?, my tummy is full of loui’s, slept for the first time in three days #festivalofdance, kiss from a rose #seal, I’m here for roses and thorns, grapefruit juice, we’re graduating, coffee exchange and my family is getting a dog, I love anagrams, solo in a capella concert, i went to sakura and left full, love you guys, summer and pw, directing. 
 THORNS: too lazy to shave, strep throat, some are better than other, summer, lotta work not done should have, non-existent, am I now that guy who wants to wear collared shirts?, perpetually crazy lack of sleep, festival of dance is ending and I’ll miss marty, no time for engineering design project, no donuts, two broken headphones, I wish it were easier to eat – I just eat muffins every day, sad, I’ve been mixed up recently, no work, headache, I have a lot of words to write, I am late and miscalculate how long it takes to walk anywhere, my final. EL SUENO first design run and second production meeting at 3pm 100$ missing in budget, either trying to apply for additional funding or cutting budget SINK auditions this week Wednesday 1-4, Thursday 6-10, Friday 4.30-7.30 callbacks Saturday time tbd will probably need board monitors for auditions 
 #TODO: Thom, send out email about board monitor times 
 UPSPACELottery happening on the 15th push submissions since we don’t have too many yet no word from the piano man SUNDAY SHOWS Celeste with ‘Happy Endings’ Maybe Miles later in the semester OUTERSPACE plats need to be put inside succesful! WORKDAY Austin and Skylar are meeting to plan workday is Friday May 11th at 10am 
 GRANTS New Works has some money left 225$ still in Open Jar 
 FINANCESmoney from UFB, spending from workday will make sure we spend it by deadline RENISH we need to collect photos Jon can maybe print again? 
 #TODO: Skylar and Becca, collect photos and do invitations SPACE MAINTENANCE eventually, the floor will be painted by el sueno the smelly window is going back up SAFETY we bought the new scaffolding INTERJECTION: Ben: “thanks guys, it’s been… fun.” JOBS BBQ we need supplies 
 #TODO: Adam, get food and things, borrow Chris’ car 
 #TODO: everybody go over the jobs and think about what you want CAPTURE THE MAMMOTH DUDE 
 #TODO: Alex and Margaret find dates 
 #TODO: Emma and Skylar, write the declaration of war 
 #TODO: zack, bring it back. we should recruit 
 #TODO: win. INTERJECTION: Yay JKuritzkes show jackets! 
 BUSINESS madmed will be 6 positions 3c2c posters = pw fundraising: think about it it is our job to keep rooms clean, after strike and in general the furniture room has been cleaned a lot of times, we need to take better care of it and keep it organized reorganizing during workday? throwing away things during workday? 
 #TODO: adam, get a dumpster for workday MINUTES: Ursula NEXT MEETING: Sunday May 12th at 11am first design run and second production meeting at 3pm 100$ missing in budget, either trying to apply for additional funding or cutting budget minutes/13may05.txt · Last modified: 2013/12/21 02:00 (external edit)"
14may04,OK," 
 PWiki Meeting Minutes 4/5/14 
 ROSES: Decisions, ratty brunch, bridges, I slept like a child, Fletcher’s torso situation, Almost, Maine, feeling good about my speaking skills, improvidence shenanigans and fuddy meers, freshmen, when you put pictures into a pages document it like automatically formats the text around it, good week, I missed reunion, at four today I will sleep, it’s beautiful outside all the time. 
 THORNS: Meetings, feeling inadequate, the gap between the person I am and the person I would like to be, I have joint pain, being unable to articulate the things I need to say, I hate everything, guacamole for dinner, slept for 13 hours, I just need to turn down, broke my glasses this morning. 
 HERE: Paige, Liz, Thom, Celeste, Fletcher, Marty, Conor, Ursula, Josh, Jordana (visiting), Jenn (visiting), Marli (visiting), Evan, Emma, Simon, Alex, Jenny, Ben FALL @ PW we picked a season Marli received her jacket! 
 BUNNY BUNNY had a design run friday, went really well plats are good rehearsal lights happened 
 ALMOST MAINEthe facebook page is live auditions are 3-6 tuesday, 3-6 wednesday, and 1.30-4.30 friday need help with audition monitors looking for dramaturg, asm and possibly LD what day can they actually be in the space? monday the 25th showdates: 19th, 20th, 21st, 22nd STRIKE DEBRIEF we need to make sure we get people on lights as soon as possible there was a shortage of wrenches we need to make sure to be putting things where they need to go, also when shows are building 
 UPSPACEbagels was in here this week anna will be in here from 4pm today since there is no sunday show she might be painting, she knows she has to paint back herself and has to pay for it SUNDAY SHOWS improv jam is in here this afternoon, 1pm and 3pm make a status about this so people know about it 250th wizards seth bockley was here, his workshop was awesome! generally we need to push publicity more, maybe add posters etc. OUTERSPACE FESTIVAL submissions were due today at 5pm but we will extend the deadline to midnight we only have a few submissions, mostly music it's very likely just going to be Wednesday JOBS BBQ jobs bobs will be 12-2pm Saturday may 10th who is buying food and drink? 
 #TODO: Ben is on food, Conor on drink 
 #TODO: everyone, take a look at the jobs list before the bbq RENISH Saturday may 24th at noon 
 #TODO: skylar, marty - send invitation asap 
 GRANTS open jar bagels got 130 there's 95 dollars left new works still has money solo applied as a whole for posters, and didn't get it is there a precedent? is it different because it's related to the theatre department? it'll be possible for the solo performers to apply as individuals 
 FINANCESwe will buy the rights for the two fall shows this semester in order to make sure there won't be a problem 
 #TODO: conor, buy rights and update spreadsheet 
 SPACE MAINTENANCE:  josh accidentally broke the light in the shop but it got fixed VISIONS LEFTOVER TOPID: HM SPEECH is it too long? should we trim it down to make it less of a thing in and of itself? we value the other theatre going on on campus, and should possibly just make it tighter this is the first introduction to board members for a lot of audience members maybe it's as simple as reiterating the intention behind the speeches once in a while it's important that it's about the show, not about the HMs we are trying to welcome people to the space, supporting other theatre on campus, and then introduce the show that is about to happen 
 BUSINESS 'bagels' left doors open a number of times, both propped upspace and electrics maybe we include in the contract that the person signing is responsible for anything that happens while the space is theirs also we could forward/send to the people involved this will be further established by the upspace EPs Lots of things to push on facebook this week - everybody make statuses! if anyone ever wants to do tech stuff, paige will always be around 
 #TODO: Evan, make the season announcement poster Celeste still wants movie nights with twitter proposals 
 #TODO: Celeste and Fletcher amend the contract to include the thing about a breach and being banned from lottery 
 #TODO: Paige, please upload the we should call music directors about decision, as well and make sure they get to know about decision officially from the board and not through someone else Marty is interested in creating a PW app 
 #TODO: Conor, please send out an email about the princess of TF green position Emma and Marty are doing theatrebridge this summer swag pickup times: tomorrow, 12-2 on wriston evan will be there and you have to pickup because the boxes are heavy MINUTES: Ursula we picked a season Marli received her jacket! minutes/14may04.txt · Last modified: 2014/05/04 12:14 by uraasted"
13apr01,OK," PWiki PW MEETING MINUTES 01/04/13 
 ROSES: things in shapes, Frisbee with baby on beach, seeing brother, jonjon and meeting cool people, applied for a job with the beyonce of graphic design, leandro zaneti and abby colella, conor and adam’s set and relationship, group fitness class/spin class/I am accomplished/I can do anything, spring break, transition into spring/”everything is going to be great” attitude, Skylar is a materials concentrator, google keep, the kid who I tutor got into his dream college, great outside today and I didn’t go to con law, elias shaved his head, james franco in spring breakers, spring break, IN LOVE and BEST APRIL FOOL’S EVER #poorchiboucas 
 THORNS: sickness, sad, inability to get work done, the people I’m meeting are seniors, spring break was “spring work the whole fucking time”, broken phone, today, I am having a hard time being happy with all of the wonderful things in my life, this week, bad cold, temperature increase is expanding floor, paper to write tonight/nightmares, gotten really casual about sleeping 4 hour nights, cold during the break and covered in fake blood, not enough sunlight, we don’t have a pit (except for Skylar, we love you Skylar), spring breakers was the worst, lotta work ROMEO & JULIET Got an extra 450$ Austin may need extra hands; Adam does not want extra hands tech is spread over Friday and Saturday Austin is borrowing equipment from the department, there is a strobe and haze light Borrowed equipment means that we need to be careful about locking doors. show schedule: 8 on Friday, 6 and 10 Saturday, 8 on Sunday, 8 on Monday EL SUENO we went over the show packet At the meeting, she was waiting to confirm with Alex Lee about costume designing, Alex wants an assistant 
 UPSPACESuper Secret is this Saturday 3PM Becca 4PM Conor 5PM Jessie 6PM Skylar 7PM Ben 8PM Thom 
 #TODO: Marty, keep us posted about the piano OUTER SPACE FESTIVAL the committee will have a meeting this week, will make facebook event with details asap grilling? we’ll be advertising it as a versatile event we could group them together by categories skylar: “for example ‘funny things’ night” we will set up the stage during strike of bat boy (29th) and run from 30th to the 5th we will need tarps to cover the lights, possibly the stage as well PW PROM logistics with R&J prom can get set up earlier in the day everyone is here, ready, at 10pm we will wait till R&J ends and the first hour of admittance happens through the parking lot door R&J cast will get in for free can we have prom starting at 11pm instead? 
 #TODO: Christopher, make the facebook event por favor the theme is masked ball 
 #TODO: Mad Men, make poster dankeschön 
 #TODO: Alexander, talk to Miles SUNDAY SHOWS TPOC in the upspace is happening this Sunday 
 GRANTS new works has two applications someone else should get on the new works open jar is full, has an application 
 FINANCESjessie will teach Andrew the ways of the finances soon budget’s good and we won’t appeal SPACE MAINTENANCE natural gas smell is still there continue to call facilities and tell them about this smell in the lobby when you smell it SAFETY we will buy a base for the scaffolding we should also buy some new planks soon ten new plats for the upspace would be 4000$ they would live in the elbow this does not have to happen right away but is good to consider safety walkthrough went well, a few minor things WIZARDS sound wizards happening weekend after next we want to do this on Sunday because visions is Saturday it should happen in the upspace, around 1pm 
 #TODO: Ben and Margaret, look into applying for money 
 #TODO: Mad Men, advertise this lots 
 BUSINESS becca made the calendar, will run it with Jessie finals are earlier this fall we should schedule fall at pw decision meeting it will be May 4th (may the fourth be with you) 
 #TODO: Alex, get in touch with MF about new workday date 
 #TODO: Everyone, respond to Alex’s mail about MF dates Pwaq layout 
 #TODO: becca, send jonjon the pwaq stuff and reminder email 
 #TODO: Jonjon, do the layout tell people not to put things in the piano MF contract committee they are meeting with three of the MF people to renew contract Alex, emma, ben 
 #TODO: freshmen make your bios on the website 
 #TODO: everyone, add each other’s phone numbers 
 #TODO: renish committee begin coordinating MINUTES: Ursula NEXT MEETING: Sunday april 7th at 11am Got an extra 450$ Austin may need extra hands; Adam does not want extra hands tech is spread over Friday and Saturday Austin is borrowing equipment from the department, there is a strobe and haze light Borrowed equipment means that we need to be careful about locking doors. show schedule: 8 on Friday, 6 and 10 Saturday, 8 on Sunday, 8 on Monday minutes/13apr01.txt · Last modified: 2013/12/21 02:00 (external edit)"
