 kathy cleaned floor #TODO luke is going to buy gaff tape! marquis hardware arrived–not going to come for a while, “building too cold to drill into” -austin 

 they fixed the door-wahoo! 

 allen wrench for doors missing–> may be in shop 

 Becca put in another work request for hand dryer in women's room Attitude might borrow pipe bases, Becca will let us know 

 door still broken #visions: change name of December show to “Broken Door”? (Ben S.) 

m/s should not use black chairs during rehearsal, only metal ones 

 let's paint the Upspace floor during plats 

 we're space 

 we need to paint over upfest put up gender neutral signs (the ghost of dean poopyhead is the culprit) mic stands–broken, dance room is taking all of our shit, check out the dance studio if you lose shit 

 keep monitoring paint room to make sure shit is draining and not clogged WORKING HAND DRYER IN WOMENS RESTROOM austin helped hang new speakers–working well 

 we will look into the sparking wire at plats we should take out the busted bolt on the plat 

 crack in wall should be fixed on workday 

 all the scaffolding in the smelly room is rusted and ruined 

 we have MARQUIS! #TODO luke, light? #TODO ada, instagram dat shit MF clean the hallways please! 

 Ben and Austin have been talking to facilities, EHS, Joie, etc. about flooding upspace booth there's mildew in the hot room, women's bathroom, hallway…gross traction is gaining but PW is not Brown's top priority Quitters, don't put anything in the booth we need to let people know about mildew and mold! it's the thing EHS is most concerned with 

 
 painting upspace during strike and mop - still some ribbon from balloons on grid - gender neutral signs going back up on bathrooms - should we start thinking about the Marquee? May 3rd?? 

 #TODO raphae buy laundry detergent and paper towels (have you bought these, raph?) luke–can people stay after the meeting for painting? yes! upstairs bathrooms- #TODO luke, put up gender neutral signs luke talked to electrician, if you trip the breaker that does outlets in the downspace, call facilities, we aren't responsible purchase paint cleaner?? 

 GMCS is happy with us (even though someone was……ARRESTED!?!) if you leave a shift, you need to get someone to cover you or text a party monitor everyone should pitch in to clean up! we need to take the gaffe tape off of the grid TIPS bartenders are a good thing fundraiser…or FUNraiser? costume contest next year? or costume documenting? piano curtain can be rehung 

 
 let's buy soap, tell shows to buy new rollers and paintbrushes. #TODO luke, put it in the show packet that shows need to buy brushes and paint supplies WE NEED TO SWEEP FLOOR BEFORE WE PAINT IT! AND TELL PEOPLE THAT THEY MUST DO SO. paint upstairs walls??? manifesto!?!? OF THE OOPSPACE! marquis: celeste and austin will put it up in may, not during WITs or downspace show– may 7th-8th or may 14th-15th, hardware is in the sound pile 

 clean up your food at next workday we should take spiderwebs out of lights?
 water in the Upspace water in the men's room 

 microphones are broken–we should buy one. ask for money this year. use paint scraper, water and a little paint thinner to clean white paint off floor. kathy is doing this tonight. 

 gender neutral signs keep getting taken down. luke will keep putting them up. the marquis get super foggy when it rains, the marquee de sade should be charged with wiping it down 

 maintained!!! 

 nice lookin window in the smelly room let's fix the column in the downspace 5/10: WORK 

 we had work day before we left the spay is mayed. facilities fixed some stuff there is a window after shopping, let's figure out when our finals are so we can schedule work day! 

 Josh is doing the best he can with the paint room Fletcher is loaning a mattress to Pei Ling VISIONS Austin's dates: 5/4, 5/5, or 5/17 it should be before denish MF CONTRACT Becca B., Austin, Devon, and Ada let's get half of all MF karma, no limit 

 they fixed the roof and now the side of the building is leaking the smelly room is full of water! :( if any of the stuff in there is totally fucked from rust, we can file a claim 

 Austin is trying to fix the loud vent “If you can get that fixed, pw will be perfect.” -KM 

 everything looks good after work day! 

 don't see anythinnnnnnggg! looks good! heat wasn't working! but is now! antigonick loves crack on the wall!!! beauty in flaws!

 yeah ok 

 everything is fine except the roof the roof is not fine there is water getting pumped to the toilet so not fine Austin will talk to the BDH and he will not go too crazy PWOM it will be L5Y weekend, April 24 or 25, hopefully overlapping with no other events 

 facilities has tried to fix the Downspace door 

raphae buy laundry detergent and paper towels 

 
ada cleaned box office yay ada! does someone want to sweep or mop the BO? EVERYONE LOOK AT YOUR ROOMS!!!!!

 how are we going to dispose of plats we aren't going to use in the upspace? reach out to departments at RISD who might want to materials–soooon #TODO liesl reach out to bugs and BOP about plats, do they want 'em? save one plat and vandalize the fuck out of it– #TODO raphae, make spreadsheet to organize plat repurposing 

 the back stairs are pretty dang awful 

 make sure you uncrash doors when you crash them for performance! #TODO luke, we need a new allen wrench set, they are not the right size and so its super annoying to crash the door–get it at adler's? SOCIAL MEDIA/ COMMUNITY OUTREACH can we print posters for free, #TODO josh? postering locations? push performance craft week! put meeting times on facebook-whenever we change meeting time!! facebook is good! public calendar should be updated. #TODO becca, write TBD for meeting times if they are not determined. PUBLICITY: performance craft schmooze new mems wits applications hanging lights upfest twits get pumped for tallgrass strike 

 the ticking, oh, the ticking huge secret stain (ghost/vampire semen?) on one of the duv panels at workday, let's mark duv as good or bad they keep fixing the downstairs door and it keeps not working 

 upspace leak Brown is not reroofing the building we should go up on the roof in the fall and clear the gutters BMC needs an interim key 

 Marty has a broken heart #donutless 

 the spay is mayed

 they claimed they fixed the roof but it doesn't look any different…? let's wait for another warm day to see if it leaks again 

 Marty has dropped the ball on the piano thing new piano man to be anointed at jobs meeting 

 If something breaks, tell Austin, he is putting together a list We have to go to the meetings We are having a walkthrough of the Sink set and railings scaffolding: we need to set someone to be a scaffolding officer WIZARDS Maybe Vibrator play will do a set wizards Lizzy maybe a sound design wizards BUSINESS Austin wants to do an inventory of keys 

 door still broken #visions: change name of December show to “Broken Door”? (Ben S.) 

 Door handle on Upspace is getting finickier and FINICKIER. o 

 -Server: -Austin got the parts, is trying to build it -short term solution? We need to be online so finding a -

 

 
 BAYBAY Did nudity windex the chairs? 

 
“our sink is on the fritz still” we passed random inspections 

the tp dispenser in the men’s bathroom is broken the sink is still plugged 

the upspace door still doesn’t work right WIZARDS board wizards should happen 

 door fixing is the most pressing, it has something to do with the card update, chris has been in touch with them, should be working soon BUSINESS chris called facilities and outlets in downspace are fixed and outlet for saw works now chris flirted with a facilities woman, we have a good relationship 

Jenny put in two requests, door and heat 

 Liz will put New Works in Morning Mail generally we will be pushing New Works more WIZARDS board wizards will be happening next semester sound wizards in here today 
 keep an eye on the drain, leaves collect and it clogs DS heat got fixed 

facilities came twice this week and fixed what needed fixing 

there is a bulb out in the DS 

 
BAYBAY light fixed downstairs the front door 

 leak is on the radar there are still things in the upspace that should have been taken down we have to be clear about upspace weeks leaving the space as they got it the noise in the upspace, can we do something about it? we can’t use outside contractors fletcher has created a calendar on which a month has four weeks with 6 days each 

 
 the leak has been fixed it seems BUSINESS 

 
 where the basketball hoop was for super secret looks sort of bad, should be fixed up BUSINESS 

 
 we can pimp the lobby during violet 

  the toilet paper holder is broken 

 we got two new trashcans we need to take out the trash from them perhaps emptying them after the Sunday meetings? maybe making it the responsibility of the show and checking after our meeting watch for rain and flooding in the lobby maybe nara is giving us a sound thing? 

 doors in downspace 

 several of the lights in the upspace are out 

 ask Anna to paint upspace floor 

 eventually, the floor will be painted by el sueno the smelly window is going back up 


 jessie will teach Andrew the ways of the finances soon budget’s good and we won’t appeal 
 
 natural gas smell is still there continue to call facilities and tell them about this smell in the lobby when you smell it 

 josh accidentally broke the light in the shop but it got fixed 