 important dates: march 1st-5th: lottery!!! lottery in the next 12 hours friends submit!! #TODO ezra extend the deadline! UPSQUAD meeting tuesday at 11pm!!! 

 deception games!!! so many people! so many new people! have the key, in the drawer marielle, can apply to new works! can marty apply to open jar retroactively? yes! #TODO fletcher and marty meet to go over contract #TODO marty, solidify times so i can send out email first antigonick, then kathy for TWITs #TODO jenn, send us list for Upfest NITUS, offer NITUS march 1st-5th, offer poler bears april 12th-14th, we could split upfest into two weeks NITUS wants april 12th-14th–nika is in midsummer until end of first week of march, board would have to work extra hard to support NITUS what about NITUS taking march 20th-24th? we feel uncomfortable retracting the dates from Poler Bears; if NITUS takes 20th-24th and Poler Bears take April 12th-15th upspace will be march 1st-5th and march 15th to 19th. #TODO upsquad meeting! to decide on wording to describe the event that is 

 we will break up Noah's thing into 1.5-hour slots, TBD over email once we have showtimes Jesse's doing a thing about gyms, Marty hasn't met with him yet 

 Broken Zipper this week wheelchair was broken; not ours Emma Davis/Blue Room next week she will move plats during strike for visions “daddy grant” 

 SUPER SECRET this week there will be a board preview show times not solidified #TODO 

 Marcus is out, Isabel is in new liaison system seems to be working well Liz will liaise Jenn's Upspace week if you're monitoring an Upspace show, sit near the door to deal with late seating FRESH PEOPLE use the email list from the activities fair to fill Song team (email directly so they feel special) 

 Sarah's show happened, people came Ian is in here next week Ben is going to monitor and operate the board Spencer is in here after Wonderland, Andrew is liaison there is a rep plot now SPRING @ PW we're leaning towards Saturday 2/21 BUT a bunch of people might have tech if Twelfth Night doesn't have a two-day tech, seems like 2/21 is better ten-page limit on proposals and they're due on Wednesday 2/18 schmooze Wednesday 2/11 

 bens gotta paint dis shit and apply for grant (paint and funions) #TODO crimes up there this week super secret next week need to start planning lottery #TODO 

 Going Somewhere is done, very positive experience wall got painted a different black, we will fix at strike next lottery will be mid-October updates from Sam! confirmed security from SAO for every night events at 7pm all week except Tuesday at 5pm and Friday at 8pm and 10pm (maybe 6pm) all events will need bags checked space will be painted, will apply for funding soon Blue Room will be utilized if functional we should do advance guest ticketing 3C2C plays due next Tuesday—share the Facebook event! you MUST use three chairs and two cubes (writer-suggested), you MUST NOT use anything else 

 nobody was in here apart from 

 

 Dreeeeeeeeeeams is going fiiiiiiiiiiine lottery this Sunday—push it! 

 TWITS is here now, strike Monday Andrew is Spencer's liaison Quitters Never Win monitors Wednesday 8pm: Ada Thursday 8pm: Andrew Friday 6pm: Becca Friday 10pm: Ben C. 

 microphones? how many will we need? marty has one. get feedback from performers and audience members–should we give a survey after show? #TODO Ada put schedule for upfest on website some groups have made fb events! wahoo!!! encourage your groups to do the same–start linking to events in master group #TODO luke make survey HMs bring laptop or phone so you can add emails to a doc that will be used to send survey do we wanna do a pizza party at the end of the fest? yiisssssssss #TODO becca assign hm's via email (we'll do this on a separate email #TODO board members invite people to upfest event 

 Jesse W. is doing Chest Day week after Cabaret Marty is his buddy he wants to get shop trained, he will email Austin they need to leave $25 in the budget for black paint we should bring chairs up here at Cabaret strike up next: Celeste is liaising CJ (week before Thanksgiving half-week) Emma can't do anything during finals but she can have her $25 publicity budget to use elsewhere 

 #TODO becca reach out to shades of brown and see if they can do6-7pm or 10-11pm or 9:45pm keston is going to move the cypher until after spring break–could we give him a sunday show? #TODO fletcher check schedule for a day for a cypher show 

 we have a new season! LIAISONS: Oct 28-30 (Noah Usher): Ben Nov 11-15 (Jesse Weil): Marty 

 Marcus is in there right now! as we speak! the call is coming from inside the Upspace! the kiddy pool is being emptied every night (by various people) where is the tarp? tarps are cheap, maybe just buy a new one 

 important dates: march 1st-5th: lottery!!! march 15th-24th: upfest april 12-14: polerbear may 3-7: NITUS jason's this week kathy's after that do lights have to be struck after each show?!?! NOOOO!! let's change that in the contract. UPSQUAD when2meet to discuss who we are each going to email 

 Buck is in there now through tomorrow Sam L. had a very full week lottery 5/16 

 there are lights…on the ground Sarah Cooke is on Friday Fletcher is monitoring she should keep her receipts for reimbursements Ian Everbach is doing some plays next week Fletcher is directing two of them! Spencer R-R is directing a play Brad Weekes wrote needs a liaison we should go support these new things…COME! next lottery 

 Dash is in here this week, Ben S. is his dude 

 Thank You Sorry monitors are Ben C. and Ada Fletcher will liaise Dreams next lottery is coming up, Celeste is making a Facebook event RISD students can apply reading period - performances but no advertising; finals - no performances 

 last week debrief: it was as big as prom with only one monitor all sorts of drinking and smoking—NO GOOD only a couple people came to clean up got combined with a Clerestory party? L5Y is this week, then Sam Lanier OUTERSPACE 

 lottery is due 5/16 we got the keys back from Sam and Buck GRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANTS New Works will actually decide on Deadsville Open Jar has too much, what a bummer FINANCE$ we have $3600 right now, we probably will end up with $2500 at the end of the semester let's use this money 

 UPSQUAD!!! 

 Celeste and Liz will paint walls and benches soon lottery tonight for last three slots 

 no gallery Becca is getting the key from Spencer lottery tonight 

 
 #TODO reach out to groups and make sure they're okay with any spatial orientation of the space–if they have any specific requests #TODO we have to paint the upspace during tallgrass strike upsquad made responsibilities of HMs for upfest clear; what do the groups need for tech? #TODO becca, send out schedule tonight/tomorrow morning deadline for performers is tomorrow (3/7) at noon #TODO josh, need to make poster tomorrow, monday make it clear to the groups it's free! performance craft week: 0-12 people came to the workshops! it was neat! #TODO upsquad to meet and decide on policies, constitution! collect karma! 

 give francis bogan upspace!!! march 1st-5th–this did not end up working #TODO Ada tell evan #TODO luke, schedule wizards week. let's do wizards week! teaching people how to do things week! IDEA: INVITE BURP?! cookies and snuggle party with everyone who is in a show this week. 

 AND DOWNSPACE BOTH HAVE SOUND CABLE AYAYYAYAYAYA!!!! all is well in the world. SOCIAL MEDIA/ COMMUNITY OUTREACH responses in doc! yay! putting statement in BDH PWOM will be in april, either april, 8th, 9th new mems schmooze on march 2nd–EPs check in with shows PUBLICITY: schmooze twits tallgrass–light hangs Luke's week in upspace feedback form upfest–do you want to perform? 

 Sam is here! improvised play one night, maybe also an open improv jam, mayyybe a movie night? probably Thursday and/or Friday, 8-10ish 

 cool week organized by luke and evan–looks amazing!!! so many workshops!! there should be one board member at each one of them #TODO luke assign monitors saturday–interdisciplinary arts workshop–evan reached out to people outside of pw community, these will be leaders to guide non-stop experimentation-push this as a culminating event where everyone is encouraged to come and play what do we need for materials? #TODO luke and evan apply to new works evan meeting with NITUS tomorrow–addressing possibility of training students to be security rather than having a security team. 

 HMs for Noah's thing Tuesday 3: Celeste Wednesday 9: Marty Thursday 5: Ben 3C2C STRIKE all lights are staying in the space plats can stay in the corner lots of freshmen, be respectful official start time is 9:45 

 Writing is Undead got no submissions :( could we still provide a forum for shorter shit? is it a thing where we did it to let people know about it in years to come people flake. damn. this note taker became very sad upon hearing this Ben S.: a vague theater company NTEF does things in a way that makes them feasible (i.e. beore break a sample then flesh out over Christmas break [Christmas not Chanukah]) Skylar says no, NTEF sucks Spencer's show needs to strike by 11:59pm on Saturday TWITS Liesl is doing lights reminder that this is a board produced show SPRING @ PW Nikka is doing great Andy Colpitts is doing Orlando on the owncloud Jonathan Adams is doing a crazy show needs to email Josh Dylan is proposing Into the Woods Josh should check with MTI, rights take longer than usual GRaaAAAaAaAAAAAAAAAAAaaaNTS!!! New Works two apps going to be decided at strike Open Jar nobody has applied FINANCE$ Ada is going to be trained Wonderland things are going in Budget due on March 7th Austin is going to work with Ada and Andrew when you request money it's for the specific item but since we already have the money, Andrew is going to see if we can change it to be for other things 

 Nudity happened, they will paint Jenn is moving in, has signed her contract show times: Tuesday 4:15 Wednesday 5:00 (tentative, will know today) Saturday 4:00 (Open Improv Jam) Saturday 8:00 3C2C auditions yesterday and today Fletcher is EPing with Marty 3c2c is applying to New Works will they get the money? WHO KNOWS LET'S CROSS OUR FINGERS but wait! There's plenty of new work going on that will apply to the grant 3c2c is family weekend and will thus likely make a fair amount of karma maybe makes more sense to take 3c2c budget out of our own budget 

 Ian's thing was in here and it was cool! it had a computer program?!?! Wonderland is in here this week, Quitters Never Win after that Spencer wants someone to show him the Upspace light and sound boards 

 it's Luke with the 7/2/4 Playfest! going well, but not a ton of people signed up might cancel the 72 hour aspect during the week the space will be getting set up Friday 7pm the whole shebang starts, showtimes Saturday 8pm and 10pm 

 Broken Zipper has it this week Blue Room has it next week—signing contract w/ Simon at strike lottery next Sunday Blue Room wants to check phones FB event should be updated to tell people not to bring them based on Nudity precedent: we can't take responsibility for phones if people show up early, they can be sent away (and come back) if there's not much time, we can put their phones somewhere but no promises PW paid for rights for Blue Room German Studies will reimburse us $200 

 Conor and Emma will solidify performance times and send out email about audition monitors they will be painting the walls Improvidence: open practices will do a long show from Friday to Saturday deciding about board monitors for that event 10pm to 8pm ish announcing truncated upspace weeks makes sense (homecoming) 

 CJ was in here this week, it was cool and Ben was great Pei Ling is in here for a Sunday show today (diff topic though) Zach and Hamptonsex will be in here later today Celeste will deal with key handoff but also he is Ben's roommate so Ben can do it 

 Nudity is over! Eli is going to Rome after all. What to do with the space? • Use it for 3C2C directors? • Board show in the upspace? • Frantic facebook event? • Dark week to get the space nice again. • Good chance to fix the walls. • Can make a facebook event for just the weekend, submissions due Wednesday. • Eli’s backups may still come through, will find out tonight. • 

 improvidence open practos Tuesday 5-7, Thursday 8-10 long show Friday 10.30pm-5am, board monitors 

 


 lottery just happened 

 Lottery this weekend, promote? Or just push it back a week Good for our proposers who don’t make it Nevermind, lottery will be the weekend of 3C2C 

 we have a calendar for the upspace 

 lottery next week have a couple of submissions promote on facebook buddies should remind their proposers about the upspace 

 kim and Jessie happened and was cool anna muselmann is next, she is doing workshops maybe needs monitors lottery happened, small mess up but we’re fixing it michelle is the last slot this semester, we should talk to her about rights 



 upspace done for the year michelle needs to paint it back Thursday morning 


 we should finalize the calendar before we set the lottery times it would be end of January slot if we pull this round WIL coinciding with Writers’ Week? TWITS do we lose more by pushing it back or by rushing it? other option would be going into MF’s week, have tech on spring weekend (be shittier overall) we will keep TWITS where it is now TWITS will have to audition next semester 


 we’re gonna have a new lottery before spring break 

 evan is meeting with kutay soon but things are under control next lottery: 

 one person has signed contract super secret's in here this week, try not to enter the space in the meantime performances are saturday, on the hour 

 pause happened 

 

 no one in the upspace for spring weekend we will set monitors next week 


 becca and patrick are coming in here this week we have the showtimes and still need monitors Josh will monitor on Tuesday Thom will monitor Wednesday 

 

 Isabel and Stella are in here this week they want to come in after strike they have fb event with showtimes we need to know what they plan on doing over email 

 IAOOTASAY was here last night If it rains, we could have it here again, Conor would monitor we did the lottery and chose the first four slots RENISH 

 anna was in here this week, she will paint this week floor is scuffed, can she paint the floor too? lottery for next fall is on the 16th, pushhh submissions 

 Lottery happening on the 15th push submissions since we don’t have too many yet no word from the piano man 

 bagels was in here this week anna will be in here from 4pm today since there is no sunday show she might be painting, she knows she has to paint back herself and has to pay for it 

 Super Secret is this Saturday 3PM Becca 4PM Conor 5PM Jessie 6PM Skylar 7PM Ben 8PM Thom 
